I am in the same position.  I know very little, I am very interested, I want to contribute.  My questions, as well, would be very rudimentary.  Unsure of how I should contribute and 'add value'.

Sorry, I implied that it should only be mandatory for those questions it is applicable to, not mandatory to all questions.

If printer tags would be mandatory, I also think slicer tags should be as well

@EricJohnson true, I guess I over-thought this, questions should generally be tagged accordingly.

Agree.  I think at this stage of development, 3D printing experts are necessarily going to be asking and answering questions about printer internals nearly as much as using them, and, in fact, and lot of usage questions will rely on this specific internal expertise.

It gives `500 Internal Server Error` at `http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/error?aspxerrorpath=/review/next-task/3` coming from `http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/review/close`.

I'd report this on Meta Stack Exchange, so as to give it more visibility.

It works when applying filter.

makes sense, as said, I was probably over-thinking this when the first questions came in and many tags didn't exist

@EricJohnson Differences between slicers are minor, and many questions can be answered without that knowledge (it's fairly easy to identify overextrusion/wobble/etc... without knowing about the slicer). Knowing the technology and type of material makes much greater difference.

@nicael No need to repost this on meta.SE just to get more visibility. It is not a network problem and it is equally visible to the devs here.

I agree also, but what types of questions 3D printing related would be considered off topic?

@RobertCartaino Are you sure it didn't happen anywhere else? Why did it happen there then?

@nicael The site is only a few hours old. It is likely a simple configuration issue. Think horses, not zebras <grin>.

@ChaseCromwell That seems like a [separate question](http://meta.3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/21/are-questions-that-tangentially-involve-3d-printing-on-topic).

The dev team is looking at this now.

I just noticed that you happen to be user/1 and posted [a question on meta asking how that came to be](http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/272838/who-becomes-user-1-on-a-new-site)

Moderatorship is not something that should be taken on on a whim - before you nominate, *think* about whether you'll have the time to commit to the site, and whether you're willing to deal with the worse side of the job  as well as the respect that comes with doing the job. If you only think you "might" like the job, wait until you've formed a more concrete opinion, or let someone else more sure do it.

Works like a charm.  Thank you!

Works great, thank you very much!

Actually I'm going to say from experience, start plugging now. Getting site specific features out of stack exchange is difficult, so start the process early on.

Agreed @ArtOfCode, it's also important for people to understand that moderators are essentially *human exception handlers*. It can be a lot of drudge work, and it certainly ain't glamorous, but it can be satisfying knowing that you are helping a valuable resource grow and prosper.

@GiantCowFilms it's even more difficult when the site's so pliable that nobody can tell whether it's a good idea or not, trust me.

Migrating to Law doesn't guarantee the advice won't be wrong or unreliable either - any advice you get on the internet is bound to be unreliable. The people on this site understand 3D printing much better than law, and the Law people know law much better than 3D printing. The ideal advice would come from somebody with experience of both. In our case, I think our user base may have a lot of unique knowledge (some of our more experienced users may have consulted lawyers before, for instance when starting their own companies) regarding legal issues and 3D printing.

@TomvanderZanden  But, when it deals with Law, I think it would be better to let the Law people handle it :)

Users here might be good at 3D printing related law, but there are more than just 3D printing based law, like material selection, etc which are not here now, but might pop up later.  So, IMHO those would be best dealt in the Law SE :)

I don't think we should allow this kind of questions, but in case we do we should add a disclaimer as it is currently in Law SE and Health SE.

@Adolfo That's un-necessary.

This is a little bit of a pre-mature discussion (and even if the questions were on-topic), the questions are not the best quality. I made a tag wiki excerpt suggestion for the [legal] tag, so someone might want to check that out

Yes. Yes. Yes. Yippie!

Decide by case. On another site, Open Source, we've seen close reasons where something involves open source, but *is not specifically about open source*, and were closed as off-topic. They would've made excellent, relevant questions.

But we *do* need to worry about this. The whole point of this question is to try and get people thinking about what needs to be put on these pages.

I think there is still some small issue saying `Review item not found.` when going to `/review/close` (which requesting `/review/next-task/3`) and it helps  only when going Next.

@MarkBooth Save the thinking for later. First you need mods, but before that, you need a well-defined scope. Have you seriously gone through all the twists and turns? I think not.

in the case where I encounter these questions but the answers ignore the restrictions stated, wouldn't re-asking the question be marked duplicate.

If the restrictions are in place and they are still providing answers that ignore the restrictions, downvote those answers and if no one else has yet, post a comment telling them "Oi, you, there, the asker can't use this because it's totes restricted" or something far less colloquial but the meaning is the same. Likewise, if there aren't any restrictions placed but they just provide a bad alternative, that's also not helpful either but just in a way independent of the nature of being an alternative.

I downvoted this answer (while upvoting your answer showing the other viewpoint) in disagreement, because legal issues can be quite relevant to practical applications. If a given filament is not allowed in your country, for instance, your project may - or may not - be impacted.

We most likely don't have a lot of folks who are well-acquainted with 3D-printing law. However, that doesn't mean that we can't recruit folks, or that we can't attract users from Law. Experts don't always restrict themselves to one site. . . :-)

[Related.](http://meta.vi.stackexchange.com/questions/61/vote-early-vote-often)

I like the borosilicate glass question, but I'd lump the hotend question into the bad category primarily due to localization in terms of time.  There may only be a handful right now, but half of them will stop being produced in a few years, and a dozen more will pop up in that time.

I am trying to determine whether you are trying to send a signal...

@Zizouz212 From the [7 essential questions](http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2010/07/the-7-essential-meta-questions-of-every-beta/): "You should actively watch the earliest questions with an eye for quality and purpose. Ask yourself: "Is this the type of question we want on this site? Is it pushing the boundaries of on- and off-topic questions? Are we opening a can of worms?" Talk about these issues in meta, early and often. They are the key to establishing the boundaries around your site."

Before we start creating tags, would such questions even be on-topic here? Such questions would either be too opinion based (how do I price my models), or the monetization aspect would be irrelevant.

@TomvanderZanden You can't migrate to law. I think questions about regulations concerning these are *highly* relevant. Honestly, just because something is on-topic on another site, doesn't mean it should be off-topic here.

It would be nice if we have a less generic 'about' text before we have our own moderators. Our community moderators are very friendly and helpful, so it should only take a flag to request they update it. Over on Robotics, our equivalent [What should our FAQ contain?](http://meta.robotics.stackexchange.com/a/22/37) answer evolved over a few weeks until we arrived at a consensus, and then we continued to use that post to keep track of suggestions and recommendations.

@Zizou I dunno what you mean by signal - my main point is essentially, the nature of an answer as an alternative probably isn't important unless in doing so, it actually fails to address the problem provided. It can fail to address the problem on an individual basis (reader can't use the alternative), on a direct basis (asker can't use the alternative), or just on a tangential basis (it's a bad alternative in the first place), all of which are solid things to criticize the answer for when applicable.

Yes. This. We're deciding scope here, and not quality. If something is relevant, and is objectionably answerable, then let's allow it.

Yep, let's start that when we've got mods then. They're the ones who can do it.

Oh no, I was meaning in your username :)

+1 for bringing this up on meta, consider leaving a comment in the related question and/or pinging the related users next time.

Consider: 3D printing technology is evolving *fast*. Faster than technology in many fields. New designs and products are coming out all the time. Any recommendation made today is going to be wrong or worthless sometime between a week from now and 6 months from now.

@Zizou Oh, that's purely because I'm user #2.

@Zizouz212 I don't think we should answer questions if there is an objection to answering them.

Isn't there a more-technical/exacting term to describe the "quality"/precision of the output... something akin to the "resolution" in the 2D printing world?

I agree with @RobertCartaino, quality doesn't quite seem to be the right phrase. I don't have a better option though off the top of my head

Can you elaborate on what you mean about Political issues? I don't feel that having a plug in is necessary "endorsing" or recommending a site.

I agree with this answer, but I don't feel we need a "printer-quality" tag because it would likely lead to lots of "Is this a good printer?" style questions.

@ChaseCromwell Isn't that basically what this answer says?

@RobertCartaino I think "print-quality" is fine. Resolution can be determined objectively, but problem with print quality like stringing, blobs or gaps in the print can't be measured. "Resolution" could possibly be another tag, but as 99.9% of resolution talk would be marketing talk and lies I'd like to avoid that one.

You can find numerous articles about the [Thingiverse controversy](https://www.google.com/webhp?#q=thingiverse%20controversy) online. As far as whether including a plugin to a specific commercial entity's resource database is endorsing or not, I simply disagree, but don't see the value into going into it here.  Even if you disagree with the political angle, and feel we should shove thingiverse down people's throats on this site, the other problems would still remain.

I responded here:  http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/272867/what-does-review-item-not-found-mean

@TomvanderZanden That is a good point, there isn't an exact metric for overall quality

This will also give us a national anthem! "If there's something strange / in your 3d print / and it don't look good / Where you gonna go? FILIBUSTERS!" :-D

Are there any plastics that would not be thermoplastics (that would be used in 3D printing)

ahem.. [chatroom](https://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/34216/3d-printing)...

I really like this approach. One issue, though, is that if you put something under (for example) "TPU" , then someone who's searching for a parent category like "flexible" will miss it. Unless stackexchange has (or would implement) some automation for category hierarchies. Also, I'd suggest lengthening names since they'll be seen out of context.

Also agreed, strongly.

I agree. I think it's somewhat unfortunate the 3D printing proposal was the first to "make it" and not something more general.

I think requiring explicit flagging of technology is going to be the way to go here.

Everyone that visits this post needs to come to the chat room. Really. People need to chat more.

Please forget about the “7 essential meta questions” blog post, it's obsolete but unfortunately still advertised. Instead, read **[The Real Essential Questions of Every Beta](http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/223674/the-real-essential-questions-of-every-beta)**. For example, a big “list all we should put in the help” question at this stage is pointless: now is the time to discuss specific issues, with **one issue per thread**.

I think that this question should be opened. Little bit of editing required maybe.

Yes, essentially the author is inviting a long discussion about a broad topic. Even if someone could come up with a summary of the different filament types (nothing necessarily *wrong* with that), it doesn't actually answer a question in any *definitive* way. That's why Stack Exchange is often portrayed as "ask a question about a problem you actually have right now."

and btw, if your kwigger really doesn't zong, no matter how hard you try, you should go see a doctor asap.

So, has someone edit suggestion?

@JosipIvic, I believe this answer points out a few alternatives. The actual "new" question is up to you to find. :)

well, I don't want that question to be closed.

@JosipIvic, in that case, I suggest you update the question (reformulate it so that it has to be answered very specifically), and then request for it to be reopened!

[chat] - see what I mean?

Ok, I've edited the question. Any chance for reopen? http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/410/difference-between-pla-and-abs

I've edited it. Maybe now?

I now agree that it is a much better question. It is still fairly generic, but also possible to answer in a Q&A format. However, this exact same question has in fact already been raised before. It is therefore very well possible that your edit will be marked as a *duplicate* instead! :-) 

http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/5/how-is-pla-different-from-abs-material

So my question to you then is: could you try to rephrase it to not be a duplicate of the question linked above, perhaps by making the question even more application specific? Or, on the other hand, why do you think the question linked does not answer your edited question? Such things might be worth specifying in your question as well! :-)

On-topic on http://hardwarerecs.stackexchange.com/

meanwhile, I asked fourth question. It has 1 vote up, still nothing.

@kenorb And why does the scope of another site matter here?

Good point - they are opinion-based. It could be useful to have a guide for others - that tells how people should choose their printer (figuring out criteria, and finding various features, basically a *how do I choose a printer*). We could make this Community-Wiki, and make any recommendations dupes of that if they are not objective. Ideally though, I'd want to see some examples before we outright reject (or allow) recommendations.

Those questions don't strike me as the best examples, but the best way to figure this out is to ask first, so we can get examples and even make role models for these types of questions.

@Zizouz212 It matters, because we can redirect person who has the question to the right place within the same network.

I think there's a couple 'troubleshoot'-like tags floating around. It might help to keep tabs on these and update the definitions to help future posts as the site develops. I vaguely remember saving a definition for a "General Troubleshooting", but we can update/add tags for "Filament Troubleshooting", "Electronics Troubleshooting", "Failed Print Troubleshooting", etc. This way, when they try to set a troubleshoot tag, it provides them with these narrowed results.

It's not a matter of simply enabling it. Mathjax requires significant resources for users to load it, so our guidance is to have everyone start gathering a collections of questions that illustrates a significant *need* for Mathjax before we enable it.  Carry on.

+1   I somewhat agree and expanding on @TomvanderZanden 's comment, I wonder if allowing discussion/questions about say a mill head, may deter the creation/support of other sites. I think, at this point, the 3D printing community should contain mostly questions related to the technology of 3D printing. Obviously there will be some grey area, but that's what moderation is for.

I understand how you feel with being able to contribute! I've visited SO for about 5 years now and didn't feel capable of contributing good content until about a year and half ago.

@MarkBooth, you are right, of course. I did not at all mean a "traditional forum" in any sense; I simply didn't put any thought into that particular wording of my post. I am fully aware of the Q&A expert reference format of SE sites, which is why I use them daily, and would like to contribute to uphold the quality of their content. I will update my post accordingly!

Would the downvoter care to comment?

In some circumstances, do feel that the OP's question **I can not do x with my printer, what printer can do x?** fits within scope? I feel that it's kind of in the grey area, somewhere between a shopping question and a technical specs question.

It is almost always better to ask "How can I do X? I have tried doing this with my printer, but I had these problems". This may result in "you need to buy a printer which supports Y, which will allow you do do X", nut could also result in "I do X with printer Y, this is how", "You need to do Z in order to convert your printer to do X" or even "You can do X with your printer, try this". All of these could help both the OP and other readers. The less closed a question is, the more scope for good, varied answers and novel solutions.

+1 for the *And with 3D printing being such a novel technology for most users, they simply do not have the required experience to ask the "correct" question at their first attempt*. It's sometimes difficult to find the balance between maintaining the integrity of the content and helping newbies. We've all been a newbie to the technology, and I remember "not knowing what I don't know".

This is why I love community building on Stack Exchange, people always seem to be ready to revise their opinions in light of other peoples ideas and explanations. It reinforces that this is a place to learn, not a place to argue.

I apologize, as I think I submitted a few bad examples. In some cases, it's hard to come up with an excerpt for tags that are considered "common knowledge" such as *hotend* or *g-code*. I, personally, find it easier to provide the details of the types of questions in the details. So, what would you suggest doing for an excerpt for "common sense" tags?

Why no moderators?

@Mindwin idk, I think the process got hung up. I believe StackExchange is currently in the process of selecting intermediate moderators until the community is built enough to conduct elections.

@tbm0115 90 days? That's a long time. I'll see if I can check something up. Either no one wants the job, or well... not of me to speculate.

@Zizouz212 Ironically, I just emailed someone with Stack this morning to get a status. I volunteered for moderation, and what I was told is what I mentioned in the comment above. However, it probably wouldn't hurt to try and invoke some action.

Yeah, 90 days is seriously pushing it. I'll see if I can get an eye on things

I take concern with this nomination. Moderatorship needs *some* degree of activity on the main site, to demonstrate a commitment to content, and to show a level of expertise. I like that this nomination was made in good faith, but I'm not of the opinion that it should go forward, and therefore, I can't support it.

There is nothing to be concerned about @Zizouz212, I made my offer at a time when there were not enough candidates, and it is great to see more active candidates putting themselves forward and getting voted up.

While we might not have a large user base for bioprinting right now, the existence of questions like this can draw in those users through searches/advertisements. In the case of this specific question, I think a good magazine article might suffice as I assume the OP is really only looking for basic information anyways. Later, as more experienced users join, the question may be answered further. So, do you think this topic is acceptable despite our low user-count?

I think it's a good topic -- based on previous discussions that this is more than just a "hobbyist FDM" site.

Thanks for bringing up the issue with multiple questions. I agree, the resolution for the question at hand would be to break the question into different pages. If there is a reason-code for "too many questions" then that should be chosen when closing or putting questions on hold moving forward?

@RyanCarlyle, I agree. Bio printing is a novel field of research with high recent growth, even through it might not very doable on a hobby basis.

I agree! There certainly should be a code for that. I guess that "too broad" covers it fairly well in some cases, but answering a very broad question is hardly doable, while multiple separate questions could be - well - separated!

Do you have an example of this done elsewhere?

There are many examples on [Open Source Meta](http://meta.opensource.stackexchange.com/questions/80/community-promotion-ads?lq=1)

I think what you bring up about posting links from our site to answer in other communities sounds like a sensible approach. First off, it is not direct advertising; secondly, new users might get their eyes up for the site given we provide good answers; and thirdly, it will also increase the search relevance of the site!

@Zizouz212, long live unicorns! :)

@TormodHaugene You found it. Oh no.

I think some variety of this could be nice to attract people who are already familiar with 3D printing. For other people it might not make much sense, but then, who do we want to attract?

I just pulled the photo from Google. It was either that one or a half done print of a head and spaghetti on the side lol

There seem to be many good examples in the *made* section for this model on thingiverse.
http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:44267/#made

Ha! I forgot about that! I think there was another slew of failed prints in the "Occupy Thingiverse" campaign.

"Print the Test Cube as ugly as you can and post picture of it as *I made one*" - brilliant.

We could potentially advertise to Open Source SE with Occupy Thingiverse ads lol

This should really be carrying the [discussion] and [scope] tags :)

I was under the impression Robert Cartaino already fixed this. The faulty tag no longer exists.

Awesome, thank you for the update. I didn't think anyone had access to those tools yet.

@Zizouz212: added them. Thanks.

I agree, but how would you suggest making "cases" widely known within the 3D Printing SE community?

It looks like several of those questions could be answered.  One in particular is a user asking about how to determine if a material is food/dishwasher/microwave safe.  One could have answered with what must/must not be present in the material chemically to make it safe and other things to observe like temperature and how porous the surface is.

Another question - http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/40/alternatives-to-reprap-project could be answered simply by pointing them to one of several pages on the reprap wiki...one of which I started myself which was a table of most of the printers on the wiki with their build size and other miscellaneous information.  I will have to find a link to the page when I get home but that question could have been answered.  Also, one of the comments on it could have been remade into an answer with just a few links to repositories...

I've posted a new Meta topic to potentially list viable topics [on this page](http://meta.3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/138/what-is-our-scope)

Thank you for sharing this! We should probably make our own template answers such as the one you've shared for this site as well!

You bring up a very good point: where do we direct users to see relevant topics and question forms for our community? When we time and time again close questions as *off topic* or *too broad*, we at least need a reference - both for ourselves and those who asked the question. As of now I still haven't found such a reference made specifically for this site. Perhaps [this](http://meta.3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/138/what-is-our-scope) will be a good start?

My goal for the post you linked above is to eventually have the content to update [this](http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic) page which has been waiting for moderator intervention.

+1 I agree, but with extreme emphasis on *set in a 3D printing context*. Can you possibly elaborate on what constitutes as *in a 3D printing context* and visa-versa

Ah, thank you for the link! I have been looking for "the help center" several times without actually finding it... :)

No problem, it'd be a good page to bookmark and include in comments when trying to close or flag posts on the site.... Once it's updated, that is

@tbm0115, I very much agree. There are some questions within electronics, mechanics and robotics that should be answered at other sites. I guess figuring out exactly what a "3D printing context" is, is the difficult part. I, for one, cannot give a clear definition of this at the moment.

Maybe we could specify that related SE sites are electrical engineering, robotics, stack overflow, etc. As far as examples, perhaps appropriate material usage (ie. ABS, Nylon, Stainless), use of robotics in 3d printing (automation), multi-tool printers (ie combination machines that 3D print, mill, solder, etc.). Just a start?

@tbm0115, mentioning other sites from the help page sounds like a good idea!

Congratulations to all the mods! You have every support! Now grab all ye mops with the weight of ye blue diamonds... After 100 days there must be some spills to clean up :P

I understand the concern and thank you for your input. I've gone ahead and attempted to update the On-Topic help page (it was still in its default state).  Is this a more appropriate approach? What else can we do to help minimize these types of concerns? Also, should this question be closed now?

@Robert, would you say that a better approach would be to handle individual cases through meta-questions, and rather update the On Topic help page as we go?

Yes, individual concerns can be raised if a problem becomes ongoing. But don't feel you should resolve every passing concern with another entry in your help center. Sometimes that odd-ball post doesn't become an ongoing issue at all. Resolving every meta post with another rule will turn your help center into a bulleted list from hell. Meta posts may *start* a conversation, but sometimes broader issues should be allowed to work themselves out organically over time. Don't rush it. You might be interested in [this conversation with Retrocomputing](http://bit.ly/1W9hRDS).

As discussed below, I am redirecting this broad scope discussion so that specific concerns can be raised and discussed through individual meta posts as needed.

Congratulations, and many *thanks* for stepping up! Don't hesitate to let the rest of us know how we can/should chip in to help.

I agree that should be in scope. It's certainly an area where people in our target audience (including myself) need help, and diagnosis can get tricky at times.

@TextGeek I've now added the subject to the list of [appropriate topics](http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic)

I think your reasoning is very good. In particular for the less reliable desktop printers, there are simply no correct settings, as the settings will work differently with a few changes in bed-leveling - for instance. In such cases, the latter probably will not be well answerable at all.

I'm still not quite convinced that these machines fit within scope. It might be different if the site was named **Hobbyist Machines**. My experience with routers and such is they have their own kinks (like 3D printing) and completely different software. However, I don't think there is currently a site on Stack Exchange that fits, making 3D printing the closest fit.

It sounds like you have at least some experience with these machines, which I don't. I can look at each machine and say *these look the same*, but I have no real experience with each one of them. As such, you might be right that these topics should be separated.

I agree. I think a slightly generalized site name like "Makers SE" would be more appropriate. Such as StackOverflow allows multiple languages, we should have a site that adheres to rapid prototyping of varying types.

Whomever -1, care to elaborate?

I agree as well. The specific question mentioned seems off topics, but I still don't think that all CNC questions need to be. Could we perhaps use an approach where we evaluate each question that come in one by one - at least until we know what kind of questions we will encounter?

Nice idea! I have created the tags for you.

Thank you @TormodHaugene but don't you think it would be better to have matter-control as a synonym? I'm not very familiar with synonyms subject but i suppose they act like tags but don't polute tag namespace.

I do not know if we have any definite tag name conventions, but from what I understand we use a dash when there is a separation between words. For the MatterControl tag, I guess it then depends on whether the CamelCasing should be interpreted as literal space or not. I created a [question](http://meta.3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/151/naming-convention-for-tags-with-camelcase-or-pre-fix) regarding this, so that we can put it up for discussion.

I agree, if someone accidentally creates a new tag for an existing similar tag, we can just create synonyms.

@tbm0115 Synonyms aren't really designed for minor variations in tense or formatting; text completion will take care of that. Synonyms were intended to be used where there are two completely *different* words used to describe a concept (think: 'car' > 'auto'). Adding a lot of unnecessary synonyms will only fill your tag listings with a lot of unnecessary entries. I would avoid it.

So in other words, we should try to avoid having *both* "matter-control" and "mattercontrol", but rather stick with only one? I guess that makes sense.

@darthpixel, I'm not sure if I think having tags that prefixes what the topic is about, such as *app-* mattercontrol, is a good idea, since this strategy only would make sense to already existing users familiar with the pattern. In addition, do we really need a prefix to avoid ambiguity in the tag names?

Nicely drawn! I'd say I favor C. Have you tried making it in the beta theme colors (gray, blue, black?) of 3D Printing Beta?

gray blue black is better as it's more... afrificial :)

Just like the read and brown is more natural. .-) I think they both look good!

@TormodHaugene maybe you are right. I always gravity to organize things, that's why I proposed app-. Of course it's not necessary and of course it will mean something only for existing users. So there was no such proposition ;)

Makerbot and MatterControl are proper nouns. In the case of MatterControl you should use camelcase (since that's how MatterControl does it themselves) and "Makerbot" should just be "Makerbot" (no hyphens or camelcase).

Definitely a fan of C and D. Great work!

I agree that this seems like the most sensible way of setting tag names. If no one has any strong opinions against this, I suggest we go through the tags archive and correct what we can, and keep this in mind when reviewing new posts.

As you probably know I usually do. And I also give a picture if it's necessary. I just didn't want to leave him (or question) with no answer (as he (it) formally stayed now). I imagine that no one had an idea how to explain it in SE manner as the question was such simple that answer would be 10x more complex... so IMO sometimes it's better to accept not-perfect-answer than leave the man with no answer at all.

@darthpixel, I see your point. I have to admit I try to do the same occasionally, sometimes to limited success. I guess we will have to look for a middle ground: something not link-only and not 10x.

I still think it's not quite clear which answer is or isn't just-a-redirect and it will never be clear as some information isn't worth to be rewritten "just because". I see Lars and others answers to this question http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/1150/open-source-3d-scanning and to be honest I don't really see much difference to said (my) answer. And let's be clear - I don't want Lars' and others answers to be deleted. I just want to highlight that criteria what is and what isn't an answer are discretionary... please notice the questioner acknowledged the answer.

It might be a good idea to initially specify the type of machine (FDM, SLS, DLP, etc) in the question to try and avoid "too broad" issues.

I think this sounds like a good idea to start with. Since there still are not that many posts on this site altogether, manually posting links to a set of proper answers for "standard questions" will not be too much effort. A good reference question might also make reach far up on search engines, and therefore reduce the need for new users to ask those same questions over again as well.

I really like the idea AND the execution, it is a nice simplified design that appeals a lot to me. However, while it would be a great logo for the site, I don't see it advertising for our site in any way. I would not even identify it connected to 3D printing if I didn't know what it was for.

@kamuro I got an idea how to increase "the feeling of 3d printing" but I have no time to draw it. It's gonna be the same pictogram but steam/smoge will have shape more like printing head and inner fill wil form 3D letters. Despite that logo doesn't have to be 100% recognizable by it's meaning - compare M for macdonald's but not for butger itself ;)

Yeah, but the big M already is well known and doesn't advertise just with the M. As I said, as a logo it's really great. But it won't create the urge in ppl to click the ad, because they won't even know it is an advertisement instead of just good looking design. It needs to tell ppl that they want to learn about 3D printing...

u r right! i'm trying to find some time... overloaded... overheated... reset...

I would add: 

answer questions! While it may seem you are new to 3D printing, you are more experienced than someone BRAND NEW to the field, and you may be able to answer some of the questions that are asked on SE 3D printing. In addition, if you attempt to answer a question by researching through google, reddit, etc, you will become more proficient at understanding 3D printing than if you chose not to participate due to 'lack of knowledge'.

I like the coffee references and the logo idea, but is there anyway to make it '3-D'?

@J.Roibal Good point, but in my case, I think it's more lack of experience. I've never actually seen a 3d printer before, touched any software, or anything, so for me, it's a little difficult (I always have to be confident in my answer before posting it).

Thank you for your comment. Have you ever tried online 3D Printing services? To me this is a fantastic option for many people and I have just begun my research on it. My first experience with a (working) 3D printer was just a couple of days ago, although I have been researching the topic for many years.

@J.Roibal Not really. As a high school student, I've never actually had the need. With me, I just like helping to start out betas :P

Fantastic! I am new to SE so much of this is new to me.

Eek, that pop up is interesting. It's not always effective, and I wouldn't rely on it. As for searches, the [Data Explorer](http://data.stackexchange.com) may come in handy. Your second point kind of raises the classic "chicken and egg" problem. If there isn't much that addresses the user's problem, it doesn't help.

It seems the best solution is to create an intro to 3-D printing that answers this question and can be easily discovered or promoted to new users, perhaps somewhere along the right hand side?

I believe beginner questions will have the most value to begin to develop a library of high quality Questions & Answers. The more focused and specific the question faced by a beginner, the more high quality the answers will be. For Example, the question "How Do I insert filament into the extruder?" or "why does printing size/speed/resolution matter?" will be applicable to many new users, have a definite answer, and will have the original question-asker more enlightened in the subject of 3-D printing.

sure it is... patience please :)

What about a question like..."What maintenance issues have you seen in 3-D printers in Makerspaces?" or even "What type of maintenance is typically required when operating 3-D printers at high production?" Thanks in advance

What about a question like..."What is the best 3-D printing service for producing large quantities (50,000+ Units/Month) of 3-d printed product XYZ?"

@JRoibal Overall, I'd say go ahead ask the questions. It doesn't hurt to go ahead and ask these types of questions. If they don't quite adhere to what the community is looking for, the community will let you know by temporarily closing the question until we can agree on the best way to present your question.

@JRoibal Overall, I'd say go ahead ask the questions. It doesn't hurt to go ahead and ask these types of questions. If they don't quite adhere to what the community is looking for, the community will let you know by temporarily closing the question until we can agree on the best way to present your question.

@J.Roibal: I certainly understand all that. My issue is that I'm not a 3-D printer, as a professional or even a hobbyist, at all. What I want to do is to have an idea that I have printed... probably by someone else. But, I have no idea how to go about it and right now, my idea is only generally defined. So, I need to get from "generally defined idea" to "printed example" somehow.

Ok, I could totally agree with this answer. I didn't think of it in a way that someone would want to clarify that he/she has a problem with support when printing ABS, but not PLA. If these cases are found by users and if we want to keep the diversity for that, I agree to leave them separate tags. Thanks for clarifying this.

Not a problem, thank you for raising the question :)

@Zizouz212 That link is amazing! There's so many little tools tucked away, it gets hard to keep track of what's available sometimes.

I assumed that an answer would be considered a "child" to a question, therefore allowing an answer query access to this field. Thank you for the clarification.

Tormod presents a great answer. To add to it, 3D Printing SE is still in Beta and therefore we are still trying to determine which questions should or shouldn't be asked on the site. So, as Tormod suggests, go ahead and ask your question and we'll close questions based on community responses. Thank you and welcome to 3D Printing SE!

That's a good question for Zizous (forget the correct spelling)

Thanks, I'll do it later. I will focus on how to treat the object to improve the scan, while  the software part will be on the side, since it's more for Stackoverflow.

I'm sorry, I'm a bit confused with the wording of the last few paragraphs, can you please elaborate or edit the question? Kudos on being one of the Civic Duty badge holders btw!

I have noticed this tendency as well, and I think not up-voting enough is a bad habit that doesn't benefit anyone. One might think that one cannot upvote a question or answer that isn't perfect, and sometimes you might not have any personal experience on the subject to actually have a strong opinion about it. However, I still think giving new and established users a thumbs up for their effort is crucial for the growth of this site. And eventually, as the site gets larger, the voting system will truly begin to work, as bias from individuals will be averaged out.

I enhanced the last paragraphs and hope it is more clear now. @Thormod: I agree, when the site gets larger, the voting system will take off on its own, and the reward for user's efforts and good answers will come more easily. What do we do until then?

I believe that a question should only be migrated if it is **off-topic** for the site where it is being migrated from. I am sure it was *also* suitable for electrical engineering, but that is secondary to the question of whether it is appropriate for this site. I don't think the question was off-topic, as determining what kind of thermistor your printer has is something you might run into while 3D printing. We could have answered the question from a 3D printing perspective, whereas an answer from an electrical engineering perspective might not be what the user was looking for.

@TomvanderZanden I've updated my response above. My perspective was that the question was almost entirely related to EE SE and only remotely related to 3DP SE. However I agree that this is a grey area currently, so its subjective. I'll keep this post in mind in the future and refrain from migrations on this subject until the community deems it on/off topic. I don't think the post shows it anymore, but I did ask the OP if they felt it appropriate to migrate specifically to EE SE. Hence the comment "That's true. Can that be done by someone with more rep?". Thank you for bringing this topic up.

Thanks in advance;)

Thanks for the great advice tbm0115!

Your first option is the best... But then the problem is... The last real message in that room was nearly 4-5 months ago

I believe the OP posted a link to their poll recently

I don't think your suggestion to rework that recommendation question was all that good. The question lacks initiative and own research. It's incredibly broad (it considers every possible printing technology) and the requirements are extremely vague ("resolution" and  "surface finish"). A somewhat better question would be "I am considering technology W and X what are the pros and cons of each for printing Y models given Z requirements?".

I fully agree that the version you mention would have been better. Though, I don't think we always can expect that kind of specificity from users who does not seem to know what to ask about. Then again, if the edited question still is too broad, we probably simply shouldn't reopen it. That being said, what is your stand on the topic of how to handle recommendation questions in general? Put on hold asap, and close if nothing happens?

I had proposed the site with the name [3D Printing and Rapid Prototyping](http://area51.stackexchange.com/posts/82438/revisions) with the hopes of having my laser cutter questions answered, alas, we ended up with strictly `3D Printing` :)

Good point. I agree. Anyone against? If not, I'll try to remember deleting it tomorrow.

I agree as well. I believe we do have tags for FDM, SLA, and so forth already.

you haven't replied on comment above, about differences between soem answers, but ok - you are busy mod. But in your answer there is a sentence "(...)we have a responsibility not to purport having information we do not". What about the knowledge we have? http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/3047/while-filament-loading-extruded-filament-wiggles/3049#3049

Note that the link will only work once the event begins.

@TormodHaugene Poke.

@TomvanderZanden, thanks! I have now merged the two tags in [3d-printing](http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/3d-printing), and will now try to get a community moderator to blacklist (make it intrinsic) for us. (Site moderators does not have the privilege to actually delete tags.)

While it is important to votes and vote often, it is worth remembering that we shouldn't just vote willy-nilly. I have noticed that some beta sites, especially in the early days, tend to get rather frenzied voting, which one does not necessarily see in the more established sites, where the voting has settled down and only the (oft mentioned) _awesome_ answers are voted for.

Voting seems to have been lacking on this site specifically though. We receive a lot of new Stack Exchange users that don't continually come back. So it's hard to teach people the etiquette of voting

I fully agree with voting on quality rather than just content. I believe the best answers will get more votes anyway, so just bumping all decent answers up one level just keep the site rolling and motivates users. Of course, if the answer isn't good or simply incorrect, there will be no upvote either (but perhaps a comment). :)

Btw, @Greenonline, nice work with all the edits! :-)

I fully agree with both question and answer. Voting is very important on SE sites and helps with growing a steady userbase.

With more questions-a-day the rest of the problems should get better. Congratulations on the answer rate, I've seen Beta sites doing way worse on that front.

I agree, the more members we have, the higher our chances of getting some of these items checked off. I never got any traction on the 3D Printing forums, personally. So, if you or other members here can make referrals to SE for technical help, please do so! As far as promo material, take a look at [some of our ads](http://meta.3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/76/community-ads-lets-make-2d-ads-for-ourselves) or make your own. If you would like some help coming up with material, feel free to ping me in the [chat board](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/34216/the-hotbed-3d-printing)

There is a certain amount of [reputation bias as a result of being on a SE site earlier](http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/288076/is-reputation-really-about-how-hard-you-try-to-help-or-sit-back-and-relax-for-fe). However, there are many blogs/podcasts on how to achieve higher reputation. Most of it stems from answering early and how you format your questions/answers. A little styling goes a long way.

True, I know that how I was answering questions last year was pittiful compared to my current answers. I hope to have more such improvements this year ;-) That said interesting enough on Android stack overflow and others most of my rep is for +1s on answers 3 or 4 answers after the first. Here however yes most of the time if I answer first I get the acceptance.

At some point there is a line.. Maybe it is when we get to platform (I.E. solid works tool, autocad filter) specific question, or maybe that is too far and we want to draw the line before that. I am not sure.

@tbm0115 got permission to post it in a few groups. So a few thousand hobbyists should see it

That sounds great! Thank you for your participation and help around the site by the way.

+1 This is my favorite over your previous designs!

ha! thanx @tbm0115

I agree that CAD questions are mostly on-topic. However, only if generally related to 3D printing, or possibly with intent to 3D print the model.

You don't need more members... You need more *committed* members. Once you have an established base, you just need time to let it grow

Haha okay how do we get more committed members without telling more people about it? This is simple stats. Every few thousand impressions will lead to a few clicks. Out of that hand full a few. Maybe 5 will ask a question. Maybe 1 of those 5 will become a regular.. that's how I see it.

I don't really exists as I don't have fb account but if this logo on fb will support our forum - let's give it a try. On the other hand - there was no formal voting for any logo here so I don't know if other members share the vision...

I'll also point out that we have a very ridiculous amount of questions that no one has selected an answer for. A lot are one time users, others are not. Least this week we do.. which as its the holidays..  I feel like people have been good with +1ing answers lately.

Sorry for the delay, but it is done now

Is there I 3d-printing badge? I can't seem to find it. ;-)

It popped up in my profile as a "Do you want to track this badge?"

Looks like there are tags for Bowden and PTEF tube

@StarWind: There are now. They were added yesterday.

I might also add the users slicer settings and firmware settings. Maybe not a requirement but a strong suggestion.

I think this looks good. Is this approved, and if not, how can I help? :-)

@TormodHaugene You can access Moderator Links -> Manage Off-Topic Reasons and approve/edit the suggested reason.

@tbm0115 Approved!

Just got one that I would flag but they included a ton of information! http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/3471/why-are-my-prints-so-defective/3475#3475 Which is frustrating as they included everything Except what I need to help them, the slic3r settings.. Verified I can see this listed. Thanks guys!

This question is *itself* primarily opinion based, as it asks for a recommendation of a website/forum. Moreover, answers would also inherently be transient, as the website recommended may become unavailable or go out of business. Maybe chat would be a better place to ask this.

Any 3D forum would work. Keep looking till you find one _you_ like.

@TomvanderZanden I know... the irony was too great to resist asking anyway! :) Regardless, I have edited my question to be less opinion based. Also, since some SE sites seem to allow this (ex: code review) I wasn't sure if 3D Printing might be the same - since it's a relatively new field I would expect many "facts" about the subject to be merely opinion at this point anyway. I wasn't aware of chat, so I will look into that.

Can the place that will print it provide any advice? They may have general checklists that you can use, or they may be able to look at your model and let you know if they might have difficulty printing it.

@mbmcavoy Good idea, however, I have not determined where to print it yet b/c I have not determined all of the requirements (ex: printing technology, material).I have found some checklists on the websites of bigger providers and they have been a good start. However, there are still many things unanswered/unlclear... probably b/c I'm such a newbie.

You might look into any local "maker spaces" where you can get direct access to machines and a community of people. if your project is large, maybe do smaller "test" pieces to see how they turn out first. Also, I've found it helpful to just watch the machine work as it prints certain features.

I am +1 this question, because although it _is_ (still rather) opinion based, I think it is quite inquisitive, and I like the list of things to consider. The StackExchange stuff should have been a comment though, as they are not related to the question..

This question, in its edited form, is more suited for meta.

Just use a 3d printing facebook group. Also ditto on the Meta comment.

I have seen your template a few times, and have started using a similar one myself, so good idea! :-) However, if they don't respond, should we somehow handle it further? Is it perhaps common to close answered questions where no answer has been accepted?

It's probably not a good idea to close a valid question, especially one with answers. I'll check around SE meta and let you know.

From my perspective, Metal-Powder is Printing-Powder, but Printing-Powder is not Metal-Powder as it can technically be Plastic-Powder, Sugar-Powder, or pretty much any other material category used in 3D Printing.

@tbm0115 - Both Starwind and yourself are, obviously, correct, now that I have had time to reflect upon my question. I think that I was just getting a bit over zealous with the cleaning up. At the time, my question seemed to make sense to me, now I am not so sure as to what I was trying to get at...

Your custom close reason appears to have replaced the general "Because this question does not appear to be about 3D printing" one. Please bring that one back.

It also seems bad to have a "exceptions can be made [...]" option. The whole point about moderation on Stack Exchange is that it is community-driven and consensus based: if the community feels a question is appropriate even though it does not contain the required information, then they can choose not to vote to close it. No prior "permission" should be needed.

Finally, I don't think we need this close reason. It would be more appropriate to use "unclear what you're asking" and add a comment saying *specifically* what information is missing (this also allows case-by-case judgement). Anyway, it's strange it's classified as "off-topic" because the questions are definitely on topic, they're just not clear.

I have noticed that myself. There's not much we can do other than ping them. I'm guessing most people are not normal SO users and found us via our increasingly large google footprint. Then flag it as a duplicate as better questions are asked and accepted. Does the low acceptance effect our beta status? If not then we need not worry. But pinging is good.

@StarWind It doesn't directly affect our beta status, but the dormant reputation does. Of the 258 un-accepted questions, that ends up being 4386 reputation that just sitting there (3870 in answer reputation, 516 in accepting an answer). That could easily close a huge gap we have in "experienced" new users (200+ Rep). Plus, the more users feel like their work is being noticed with Rep, the more likely they are to continue to come back.

Hard to say if there was an impact. I'll try again when it is not christmas. Though I did get a ton of reputation from new questions those 2 weeks..

I tried it on http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/1355/can-toothbrush-bristles-be-printed/1369#1369 I wanted to see if it would float to the top of the active list ( it did not) and I am happy to say that this did in fact work.

I went down the list of questions and tried it on the questions with top upvotes. We will see what happens. Didn't go to crazy, didn't want to hit a spam filter.

I'd just mention that 95 % answered is not such a big deal if you have 2.5 questions per day.

You can check the voting stats [here](http://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/users?tab=Voters&filter=all). That said, I can't really see why people would be hoarding votes. However, as tbm0115 points out in [their comment](http://meta.3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/196/remember-to-vote/199#comment252_201) some anomalies do occur.

Going to have to get on @darth pixel s case

@tbm0115 - I have just retagged 8 of the existing 23 untagged questions.

@TormodHaugene (and tbm0115): any comment on my comments? I'd still like to have the default, generic "not about 3D printing" close reason; also "unclear what you're asking" is a much more logical category for this close reason than "off-topic".

Hi, @TomvanderZanden! Sorry for the slow response, I didn't see your comments until now. First off, I re-added the default off-topic reason you mention (although it will need another moderator's approval to take effect); it seems like the default closing reason disappeared once we created a custom one.

@tbm0115, could you please verify the recreation of the default off-topic reason? :-)

@TomvanderZanden: It seems we only can create custom closing reasons in the "off-topic" category, and not in e.g the "unclear" category. Personally, I too would like the closing option suggested above to be a subcategory of "unclear". As you suggest, I usually end up using the "unclear" closing reason, and then add a specific reason in the comments; however, if having a custom "off-topic" reason is useful for some users, I don't see any harm in allowing them to choose. Do you think we should remove the custom closing reason all together?

I'm fine with it staying. It fits with the example of Stack Overflow.

@TormodHaugene I've accepted the proposed off-topic reason. It'd be worth figuring out if there's a different tool for adding reasons under other categories.

@tbm0115, yeah, we should. Thanks!

Agreed, this is clearly better for forums or facebook groups.

@StarWind Whether something is better posted somewhere else should not affect whether it is on-topic here. There might be more than one place where you can ask about something...

Not sure why you are arguing against your own answer. :-)

I'd wear a shirt with option c of d on it! This looks awesome

Sorry, I wasn't particularly clear on my query. The point that I am trying to make is that a modification is shown as being made by "Song Khmer", when the question is listed in the unanswered list (I know *why* it is in the unanswered list - because it hasn't got an answer... :-) ). However, the modification by "Song Khmer" doesn't show up in the list of edits... so my question is, why does it say that it was modified by "Song Khmer" when in fact it wasn't..? This seems to me to be a site-wide bug, as it probably isn't only restricted to SE 3D Printing.

I have modified the question, to try to clarify the issue

There was another question that I wanted to suggest be migrated to the Engineering SE and was unable to do that either.

I figured that; but, if there is a specific response that says it needs to be migrated to another Stack Exchange, why doesn't it allow the selection of other Stack Exchanges?

Thanks for the work-around; but, it doesn't answer the question - 'Why?'

@markshancock - Ah, sorry. The answer to that is simply because it hasn't been set up by the moderators. Generally a specific migration "pathway" has to be agreed between sites, I think, and only then is that particular SE site is manually added as an option to the migration dialog. There is a post from a few years ago on SE.Arduino - I think I asked the same question (but it may have been in a comment). I'll try to dig out a link.

@markshancock - Bingo! See [Why does the migrate dialog only list Arduino Meta?](https://arduino.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/2340/why-does-the-migrate-dialog-only-list-arduino-meta).

Is it now too late to migrate this question to SE.Meta? If so, could you notify me, that it is too late, in a comment, and I'll close/delete the question and repost on SE Meta. It is clearly a site-wide bug, and I'll report it as such, but I want to avoid cross-posting it.

I'm not sure, but it might have something to do with this site still being in Beta. Again, not sure though.

Sorry it took so long to get back to you. I didn't receive a notification about your post until this morning. See my second answer down below for more clarification on your situation.

Excellent, thanks. Mystery solved. :-) However, what is very weird is that the reason I did not see those changes was that I was stuck in Cambodia for three weeks, with no internet access, at around that time... and *Khmer* is a dialect of that region... Hmmm...

That is interesting, and a bit suspicious lol Might be a good time to double check your passwords...

@markshancock, sorry for the late response. It seems like Greensonline is right, and for now, flagging seems like a good solution. :-)

How could we go overboard with this.  We should keep an eye to make sure we can keep up with the answers we receive; but, I think we can handle WAY MORE than 1.5 question/day.

OK so it has been a year since this was asked.  We are still averaging 1.5 questions per day.  It is time to get moving.

Good question, I lumped this into a more [general question](https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/296832/what-are-the-limitations-in-beta) and posted it on the Meta.StackExchange.

@Greenonline, would you want the add a reference to [What are the limitations in Beta(https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/296832/what-are-the-limitations-in-beta)?  SE won't allow me to submit a suggested edit.

@tbm0115 - appears that it just needs to be enabled, according to Markshancock's answer below. The question is, now, I suppose, do we really need it? There are a number of questions appearing that include videos of people's issues, where the video will much more easily describe the issue, than a written description. "A video is worth a million words", so to speak...

Perhaps with regards to maintenance answers or troubleshooting print questions. Might need a separate discussion in Meta.

@tbm0115 - done, see [Should we turn on “inlined video”?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/230/should-we-turn-on-inlined-video)

Not exactly *this question* but related... Mark asked the Meta question, because we had discovered a few limitations on this beta site ([migration paths](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/224/flagging-a-question-for-migration), and [inlining video](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/226/is-the-inlining-videos-capability-turned-off-on-this-site) among them). This question is to see *if* we should turn it on or not.

I wonder if we can use [community-ads](https://meta.stackexchange.com/tags/community-ads/info)

@markshancock - done :-)

Like @Greenonline mentioned, my question was not specifically directed toward inline video; but, my question did refer to it so they did talk about inline video in their answer.  Like Tormod mentions, we may need to provide a justification to turn it on.  The standard they noted was for it to be "only turned on if the community thinks it's necessary to improve the quality of a good portion of their question base".  I agree our site could benefit from inline video for some questions, but their standard is a pretty high bar.  Can we meet that?

I agree that it would be potentially better to expand the scope of this site. Unfortunately, I think the course of action in doing so would require the start of a completely new SE site around Machining or Manufacturing. I'm not sure if we can change the name of the site without a unanimous decision within this community which defeats the purpose of the Area 51 system. In the interim, it's important to ask questions that YOU feel fit within this community others in the SE network. It's then on moderators and community members to say yay/nay on its merit in the community. This will help us grow

@tbm0115 The original Beta Description is "tools and applications of 3D printing" which provides a bit of wiggle room.  Also, the [Beta definition](https://stackoverflow.com/help/whats-beta) says that "“Beta” means that the site is still being defined and constructed,".  Maybe I'll ask on SE.Meta what latitude there is.

Is there a way for someone else to accept a well received answer if the OP never returns?  If so, I will formulate that into an answer.

Note: [StackExchange recommends](https://stackoverflow.blog/2011/06/23/blog-overflow/) that product reviews should be in the the site blog rather than in the Q&A portion.  Here is an [example on the Aviation Blog](http://aviation.blogoverflow.com/category/product-reviews/)

Looks like there is not a way to "accept" and answer if the OP doesn't; but, there is a [lively discussion about this topic](https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/3669/would-it-be-possible-to-have-a-community-accepted-feature).

+1 - As it seems a good idea. Not sure what would go in it though - do you have any concrete examples of blog ideas?

I LIKE IT!   Thanks for stepping up and helping the frame what the content and issues would be like.  I like all the ideas regarding content.  I am sure there are a lot of people in the group that could provide reviews for the printers they have and/or build logs for the printers they build/improved.  I am wondering on how to manage/vet that.  Is there a place where people could post and vote on BLOG topics so that everything is not on you?  Ex: Post an ongoing META question "What posts would people be willing to write for the BLOG".  Some sort of an example and/or style guide would help.

@markshancock - yes, a style guide *would* be needed, I guess, for consistency's sake... although everyone has different writing styles. Maybe *this* question would suffice, w.r.t. ideas for the blog. But like I said above, getting people on board *could* be an issue. This Meta site seems to not to be terribly well frequented.

Oh yeah... we should have checked the date! :-) Oops... that is a shame, though.

I am still researching and seeing what Stack Exchange's perspective is on this whole "xxx doesn't fit into the Q&A format and it is valid and belongs on your Blog instead ... which doesn't exist anymore ..." oops!  very inconsistent but not surprising when you get bigger and now there are silos

BTW, they have decided to keep their own blog https://stackoverflow.blog/engineering/  a bit inconsistent but no surprising either.

This is true! Votes are also an great tool from separating great questions from those that doesn't make a lot of sense. Personally, I think upvoting generally well thought out questions is a good practice.

Probably a bit of short thinking on my part yesterday. Thanks for clearing it up!

@TormodHaugene, Can you [feature] this post so general users can see it?

Good idea! It should now be features, I believe. :-)

Thanks for bringing this up! I'm still pretty new to some of the moderator tools, and this the first time I have noticed the featured tag. I have added the featured tag to the questions you mention, so that they hopefully will show up sometime soon.

With the most recent edit, the title of this question has become quite sensationalist. You can't conclude people "don't like our questions" just because they don't vote much.

@TomvanderZanden What then can we conclude?  People clearly view the questions and the answers.  An up-vote requires virtually no effort.  Yes, the change in the Subject was intended to draw attention, curiosity, views (and hopefully) responses.

I just did a reply that would have been easier to write if there was Latex

\o/ That looks amazing!

@Oded, Is it possible to run an election or replace moderators during the beta phase?

I like the idea of a hierarchy, but how will that be displayed to users?  AFAIK all tags in SE's are independent of each other.

You could do somwthing like ABS-plastic-filament vs pla-plastic-filament

I cannot add tags or edit questions yet, but if you could create the tag I would be happy to make edit suggestions, starting with any posts that would also benefit from grammar or formatting help.

@IanMackinnon I just added the bed-leveling tag, so it should be available now. Happy editing! :)

SE is a great community that I frequently use for other programming issues. It appears that those communities have more active members/moderators that are missing in the 3D Printing SE. You raise the waiving of raised flags, but there is much more going on. E.g. many topics with correct answers do not have accepted answers, questions do not receive much vote ups, nor do good answers. Accepting valid answers may also may be a task for moderators, but I understood that is not technically feasible. It is fair to start a discussion on this problem, but I think that there are too few active members

FWIW, I've had 4 out of 8 spam flags age away, but apart from that 24 other types of flags were dealt with reasonably promptly

We're more than a year later, and not come any further. It is a pity to see that e.g. the large forums like Thingiverse get a lot of people and questions while that site lacks the search and voting capabilities of the SE concept. It is really disappointing to see that good answers never get accepted nor that good answers get upvoted.

Seems like a better question for the Stack team. There is nothing stated in their Terms of Service that I can see that covers this. I'm not sure what the reprimands would be if proven that an answer lead to someones death or injury. Maybe ask [law](https://law.stackexchange.com/)

@tbm0115 Isn't there a (hidden) disclaimer or something for all the advice given here?

Thanks for cleaning up the backlog, keep up the good work! The only downside is that many old post came back to top again, I wish SE could let moderators edit questions without bringing them to the top again.

@tbm0115 - OK, thanks, I'll post something on SE.Meta later.

@0scar - yes, that is an issue that I came up against on SE.Arduino. Whilst I liked to go around fixing typos and mistakes in old questions, just to improve the general presentation of the site, it brought those posts to the top of the 'Active" list, and I received some angry complaints about making "noise" - which was rather unfortunate. You are right, it would be good if there was a way of editing that prevented the post becoming active (such as a "Non-active edit" checkbox or button), although that might lead to other issues (secret/stealth edits).

@0scar - I'll raise a issue on SE.Meta later about it, but I doubt that much will come of it, as there would be development work required for potentially little gain (apart from making the site look tidy). It is, indeed, a bit of a conundrum.

I realize that this may not get attention from SE as their reasoning would be that having active users and active moderators should prevent this from happening as edits should be made soon after posting of the question/answer. But it might be a handy feature in some cases, thanks for bringing it to SE.

Congratulations, Greenonline and StarWind0! And good to see tbm0115 is still going strong. :-)

Excited to be on the team everyone. I'll be spending a lot of time in the mod channel. If people find it useful I might restart up the 3d printing channel where I can be more easily reached. I plan to also start a few campaigns to recruit more members by leveraging the 3d printing hobbyist facebook group I also moderate.

Yeah that's a feeling I got when I first started posting here. My answers were usually picked apart hard. Oh well don't answer so stupidly. I remember I post a joke once on topcoder and got torn a new one. 7 years later still remember it and have never gone back. While I was not actually torn a new one, here, a text format can easily come across as hostile and aggressive without very strong soft skills. The bigger issue is these non engineer types are not used to a non forum style website. A good guide and on-boarding process would help us.

For example, I didn't handle @0scar friendly jab at my hasty answer yesterday as softly as I could have even after numerous edits. My chiding of his joke being in the wrong section could have turn off a newer member. Which sure I meant that as a tit for tat friendly jab back, but many wouldn't have seen it that way. Especially when you factor the international audience.

@StarWind0 - Hmmm, yes, I saw that yesterday, and it _could_ have come across as a bit of a moody comment, which I am sure it was not meant to be. The problem is that text is not expressive enough, especially in hastily written, and character constrained, comments, and it is easy for something to be taken badly or appear to be a little harsh (the same can happen in email where the number of characters isn't limited). I am not one for emoticons and emojis but a smiley face _can_ help, now and again. Also, the _this-is-not-a--forum thing_ is true too, and can take a while to get used to.

@0scar - Please see [Editing without bumping](https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/310860/editing-without-bumping) :-)

@tjb1 - Would it be worth re-opening [the question](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/40/alternatives-to-reprap-project), in order for you to post an answer?

Nice one, thanks. There is also a `postproduction` tag, without a description. After a quick_ glance at the questions tagged `postproduction`, I can't see what the difference is. Maybe they should be merged?

yeah, that is a good idea. The output is same.

I've posted an answer, which maybe should have been a question, see [here](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/151/naming-convention-for-tags-with-camelcase-or-pre-fix#answer-269)

@Greenonline In relation to my post in your Meta question, this would be a great example of Post-Processing since you're altering the physical dimensions of the material. It's similar to removing clamping stock when machining a part out of a mill or lathe.

@tbm0115 -  Nice one. Thanks, done.

OK, I think I understand what you mean. First, convert the answer and comments to comments of the original question, and then hope that the new user reposts the question. Then wait a while for Tonnis to submit an answer (and/or submit my own answer and delete when Tonnis submits the answer). Alternatively, we could just repost the question and answer (from Tonnis's comment) and mark both as a Community Wiki - just thought of the latter idea - but still do the convert to comments anyway. Regardless, *either way*, the convert to comments must be done first. Got it! :-)

Yes, I like this type of idea, especially the template. Two issues I have with blogs: they aren't that easy to find (the blog idea was floated by Markshancock last year, [Should we start a 3D Printing BLOG?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/236/should-we-start-a-3d-printing-blog), but nothing seemed to come of it, unfortunately - maybe due to my second issue), and; they can get overly wordy (not necessarily a bad thing but also people can get put off by the idea of having to write reams of text). Using a template means that the information will be succinct and to-the-point.

@Greenonline That's why I recommend that moderators primarily be the initiators of these types of questions, to ensure the tone is set with the template. Otherwise it becomes a s**t show of garbled information.

Whether it is valid or not is a good question. What is actually on-topic is (sort of) up for debate at the moment, see [Game plan - What is on-topic?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/276/game-plan-what-is-on-topic?cb=1). Unfortunately, I don't know whether it is on-topic or not, but hopefully someone does. If you don't get an answer to this question after a few days, I'd post it anyway. If it gets closed, so be it, but you never know, it may be well received.

@Greenonline - Wow! People are quick to attack questions, but when someone asks ahead of time, there's no guidance. Go figure. PS: I hate the time & energy spent on detailing a question, put all references and then get shot down.

Just posted - https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/6238/common-3d-printing-materials-methods-to-suitably-replicate-w-durability-this - Please give me some green & support :)

I quite like this design, although I must be honest and say that I have enough blue tabs already in my browser :-). Another colour would be better, to be able to *clearly* distinguish the 3D Printing SE tabs from all of the other SE tabs that I have open. Raspberry have red, SO is orange/yellow, electrical is orangey-red. Someone told me once that the human eye is most receptive to green (although I am not sure if that is true), and from a distance - when reading writing on a white board for example, from the back of a class - red was the most feint, whereas green was the clearest.

@tbm0115 - Has this been done yet? Sorry if I am behind with the times.

@tbm0115 I think (and I may be wrong as I've only spent the last 10 minutes reading at these for the first time) that you have to go to any graduated site's meta and find a community-ad tagged question, such as https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/community-ads, and then submit your ad as an answer. So your example [here](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/76/community-ads-lets-make-2d-ads-for-ourselves#answer-126) you need to submit it as an answer (I think)... Actually I'm wrong (those seem very old meta posts) and haven't the faintest idea what one has to do.

The merge seems logical to me.

I like this one. Where does it need to be posted in order to get ads up and running?

Actually I meant both, but I can see now what you mean. So let's make tags for all printers (e.g. AnetA2 is not there, but we have specific questions for them) and I thought that we could also link AnetA2 tag to e.g. Prusa as it is a Prusa clone printer or maybe better `cartesian` (e.g. mech. types are Cartesian, Delta, SCARA and Polar). Maybe I misunderstood the synonyms, but I thought of it as mathematical collections, so AnetA2 is a type of a collection Cartesian, but I'm beginning to understand that it is just rewording, correct?

I don't think that the tagging works like that. You would have to manually tag that question [AnetA2] and [Prusa] and (maybe) [cartesian], so that it gets grouped in such a way, like using sets, and subsets. I don't think you can *internally* link the tags, if you see what I mean, that mechanism doesn't exist.

So basically the answer is that we need tags for every printer brand/type, and if the problem is more mech. type specific, we also need to add that?

Yeah, that's right :-)

done, I've put two examples

I might not merge them, as there is one (or two), out of 33, that aren't filament related, i.e. [How to reuse modelling bases for the Stratasys uPrint SE Plus?](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/1471/how-to-reuse-modelling-bases-for-the-stratasys-uprint-se-plus)

@darthpixel - Do you have the underlying images for these? I don't know what you made used to create them (photoshop, illustrator, paint, whatever), but if you have the composition files, I'd like to use them to create new ones with other (read: more) text on them.

now i get your nick :P but in terms of colors - it's just a proposition aligned to SE colors nothing else. it's just a form but the content is this stylized 3D, layers, common cup form and hot-end as a steam :)

@Pᴀᴜʟsᴛᴇʀ2 - Thanks :-)

call me outsider but i'm not using mentioned apps. i use xara and it's derivative (photo and graphics designer)

Well given how we botched that last users hot question. Not only did we lose a traffic magnet, they clearly think we "banned their question." IDK the question didn't seem that off topic if we cut out their poorly chosen expression that it was opinion based. It wouldn't have different that much from the questions I post calibration guides to.

I would pull the line between 4 and 5: as soon as you buy a complete kit, it is no longer DIY. But if you Frankenstein a Prusa i3Mk1 with an e3D hotend, it is a good ammount of DIY. The thing why I want the separation is for troubleshooting: the more alteration from a proven/comercial design there is, the less experience with the base model helps. For example the Creality printers seem at times to have weak couplings to the PTFE tube. TronXY skips on an eccentric nut on their printers, making other means of tightening the rollers needed... all that is endemic to their printers, not the...

...general overall design.

I agree totally with your sentiment, well, 95% of me does. But surely some of the issues that are experienced by the commercial kit builders, will also be the same as those experienced by true DIY builders, so whilst tagging them as by their brand/model/Marque is a very good idea, shouldn't they also be tagged with (or retain) the "superset" tag of DIY? Oh, hold on, you are saying that issues *specific* to certain commercial kits shouldn't have the DIY tag? So long as those issues really don't crop up in other DIY printers, then yeah, I think that I agree. Don't just take my word for it though

WRT 1st point, ok cool thx. I have that covered with "For specific task - *opinion based but allowable?*". I just need to remove the question mark(s). 2nd point, yep totally. If it relevant to printing then it should stay. Would you agree that the same applies to compiling code and printing related IDE help too (which may in the past have been shunted to SO)?

I was tempted to be more restrictive with compile/ide, but again we're potentially dealing with people who need hand-holding for common tasks...

Yeah exactly, and they are more likely to get a 3D printing oriented response than they would on SO

I've added Electronics explicitly to the list (I'd forgotten that, or assumed it was in components or DIY), also added Medical and Health and Safety

@StarWind0 and anybody else - That "project for a child question" would come under a topic of `Model recommendation (for a specific purpose)`, which currently isn't on the list, even under `3D Models`... so should it be? We only have availability and Feasibility.

My general thinking of how we could do these ads is if the targeted site has a regular icon (like the raspberry in Raspberry Pi), we could show a print head putting down lines just about finishing the icon. Then also, we could stagger the colors of the icon being drawn to conform with the "general" colors of SE. Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and EE.SE would be very easy, I think. Other ones may be a bit more challenging, or we might possibly need to go a different direction with them.

@Pᴀᴜʟsᴛᴇʀ2 - that sounds good. Im not much of an artist. But....

... @darth pixel is quite a good designer, maybe he is up to [the challenge](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/76/community-ads-lets-make-2d-ads-for-ourselves#comment440_153)?

Hi darth, how busy are you? Can you make some designs along [these ideas](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/291/which-se-sites-should-we-target-with-community-ads?noredirect=1#comment437_291)?

I pinged darth pixel to see if they would offer up the stuff they had on here from before, but got nothing back. His work is what got me thinking about what I wrote above.

heavy loaded indeed, but in short - you want me to prepare some ads for these forums?

It *seems* like a *very* good idea, but I can't help worrying if it is making things over complicated. Although, if all of the fan questions just end up getting jumbled together under [tag:fans], or the more restrictive [tag:print-fan], then that would seem quite messy too, and not very helpful...  Let's see if we get some more feedback before changing anything just yet... Also, [tag:print-fan] seems to be only for cooling electronics, so a "print cooling fan" specific tag seems sensible - if there are any printed part cooling fan questions? "Extruder-fan" seems sensible too.

Ok, I see what you mean... If both tags have just been used at random and neither are consistently used for one type or another, then it would seem to make sense to either: merge them all together under [tag:fans], or; separate them out, as your answer suggests. Looking at it, [tag:fans] seems to be a random tag, with no description and only has 3 questions

[tag:part-cool-fan] would be for printed parts, yes? Sounds good. What would the electronics cooling fan tag be called? Currently it is [tag:print-fan], which is neither here nor there really. [tag:electronics-fan] might be a good name. So what would plain "fan" be a tag for?

@Greenonline With the last I meant electronics cooling fans, I'll update the answer and make the 2nd list in the same order as the first list.

One of the ways people can assist with the unaccepted answer is to post a small blurb as a comment to the answer itself back to the OP, that being something like, "*If this answers your question, please select the check mark to the left showing as such.*" This isn't asking for points, necessarily, but rather is an attempt to clean up the unanswered questions. I believe for what is shown as "unanswered", SE takes into account answers which have been upvoted as having an answer, whether the OP has clicked the check-mark or not.

@StarWind0 And all others who read this, please join the [Public 3D printing room](https://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/79830/public-3d-printing-room)

I think making it a "Makers SE" or something would be a good upgrade.

There are now machines that do both additive and subtractive manufacturing (3D printing and CNC), so the line is not as clear as it used to be.

+1 Don't forget to mention that on fully graduated sites, we need users with >10k who can access the moderation tools and users >3K who can vote fully (close votes for example). See [this answer](https://robotics.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/1354/graduation-of-this-community#answer-1355) to the question [“Graduation” of this Community](https://robotics.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/1354/graduation-of-this-community)

See also [Remember to vote](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/196/remember-to-vote)

We all get the ability to vote up to 40 Q/A's per day ... that's a potential of 400 points of reputation value. It's free to us, so we should be using them. Currently I've been on the site for 30 days and I have the 16th highest voting total *out of everybody!* That's kinda sad, isn't it? As the title of this Meta post reads, *Vote Early; Vote Often!*

Yeah, I had noticed how well you were doing. Keep it up! :-)

I think that if you want to keep people on the site, you should inline the video's. Else they get lost in the recommended video links and never return. So why has this not been enabled yet? @Greenonline ?

The sub 200 rep users are the hardest to retain on the site. Often they come along with poorly written questions, get a quick answer and don't come back. Encouraging them to engage a bit more with the site is really hard.

You are correct about the questions often being overlooked, and I think that it is for that reason, that the electorate badge requires 25% of votes being on questions, and the same (or stricter) applies to Vox Populi too, I believe but (after re-reading the badge description) I might be wrong, although I do *vaguely* remember reading a meta post that advised only voting for questions (when I first joined SE years back) in order to get the badges in the most efficiently possible way.

I am for including CNC but against Vacuum forming, as in the first case the machinery is pretty much the same (even though it it substractive manufacturing) while in case of VF you use entirely different machinery (even though you can use 3D printed "molds" to create the actual item you want). Even a laser engraver is pretty much closer to a 3D printer than a VF machine.

Totally agree on all these points, and well put... except type 2 should just be closed as well and *once* they are closed then the OP is requested to ask their question on another site, which could be suggested (or we let them find their own home). TBH, while migrating questions is certainly possible, (and I was a great advocate of migrating, *until* I became a moderator), it is usually much easier for the misplaced question to be closed and the OP ask elsewhere, rather than mods getting in touch with other SE site's mods and requesting migration, as such requests are often refused anyway.

Yeah, I'm not sure @0scar. I *believe* that one posts a request to the sites Meta site (such as this youtube and the MathJax question) and hopefully someone "higher up" sees it and does something about it. I may need to check on that fact though, either in the Teacher's Lounge or SE.Meta (although we've already asked on SE.Meta for both issues and not much came of it). Is it because we are still beta? I doubt it. I might ask on Robotics how they got MathJax enabled.

I think potentially 1 should be closed, and 2 is ok - but that is a wider debate.

You miss that posting a bad answer, getting 3 downvotes and deleting the answer will earn you a badge, at no overall cost - I think there is scope for educating people a bit better about the mechanics of the site, as well as talking about 'downvote because', 'downvote removed after edits' which I've seen in other places.

while hirarchy is ok and "flexible Filaments" as well as Conductive or water soluble make sense, the category of "plastic filament" is reduntdant.

@SeanHoulihane - good point. If a question is so poor that it has been closed and no number of edits will bring it up positive then any negative answers *should be* **self** deleted for the [Peer Pressure badge](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/badges/38/peer-pressure). After all, the question will get auto-deleted (anyway, see SE.Meta - [here](https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/78048/enable-automatic-deletion-of-old-unanswered-zero-score-questions-after-a-year/92006#92006)) as there are no upvotes on answer nor question, and the opportunity to earn the  badge is lost.

Also agree with the 'downvote removed after edits' but it is hard to keep track of these as there isn't a notification mechanism to show that there has been an edit made to a post that you downvoted. Therefore it is necessary to constantly recheck manually, which is a right pain...

I think it is worth stating what makes this best - and I think in terms of categorising questions 'filament' is more than enough for the current level of detail that these questions seem likely to cover.

@SeanHoulihane added more

@TomvanderZanden, great advice if someone knows enough to know what things to ask.  There is a level of newbie that wouldn't have through yet about issues of wall thickness, overhang, warpage, etc.  Is there somewhere to direct them to that quickly explains the "n" first-order practicality concepts?  Maybe I'll pose this as a question....

@cmm That kind of newbie should first do a google search and read a guide on the basics of 3D printing. There are already countless guides explaining how to get a model ready for printing (e.g. on 3Dhubs or Shapeways; basically any printing service has one). That kind of thing doesn't really fit well within the scope of a single answer. StackExchange isn't here to explain the basics to someone just barely getting started, it's there to help answer questions when you really get stuck despite doing your homework.

I specified FDM because those are the first machines most friends have bought.  The phrase "design rules" may be tho much a term of engineering art.  Most engineering fields have some rules which are easy to state and provide good guidance for design.   There is an art to crafting the rules,  and expressing the rules in a simple and memorable way.  I could attempt to write them,  but thought someone may have already have done so.   The link provided with the answer is helpful for defining the terms,  and is a good reference.  This is a good community.   Thank you all for you time and insight.

I really feel guilty now. Half asleep I closed your question by accident, and there is nothing that I can do to retract that vote (I have checked with the mod chatroom and on meta). The only solution, seems to be, that which Sean suggests, and edit it to ask what the design rules are (do it within 5 days whilst "on hold" and vote to re-open it), rather than ask for a link. As a mod, if I vote to close or re-open, then that vote is decisive. I have lost the ability to vote as a normally user, unfortunately, so I can't help with the re-open vote.

Once again, I do apologise for my poor eyesight and clumsy fingers :-(.

`Design rules` in an ASIC or PCB context implies more of the low level minimum feature size, track-track separation, etc. rather than the basic principles of engagement with the technology.

Looking at the [synonyms](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/tags/synonyms) page, thermoplastic-filament is a synonym of plastic-filament. Are you saying that they should be merged?

@greenonline pretty much

@Greenonline That is exactly what is needed: a system that notifies you if an answer or question is changed after you downvoted. Manual re-checking is indeed a pain and many times simply forgotten...

@0scar -  I read (a few years ago) a proposal for notifications of edits, on SE.Meta, but it was denied. I've just had a look and there are [*lot*](https://www.google.co.th/search?q=Stack+exchange+notification+of+edit) of similar questions, but this one seems to fit the bill (but wasn't the one I read): [Allow an edit to notify downvoters: “I think I've fixed the issue now - please check”](https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/1751/allow-an-edit-to-notify-downvoters-i-think-ive-fixed-the-issue-now-please-c?noredirect=1&lq=1)

There's a problem with "voting" on the synonyms. You have to have enough tag votes in both to make the vote. I thought it made the synonym automagically for mods? Also, I would have thought it should be the other way, with [tag:support] being the main tag?

It looks to me like it was a typo.

(a) Yeah, I was surprised when it didn't just make it and required votes (maybe I am not all powerful after all?) for approval. (b) I thought `support-structures` should be the main as it matches `support-material` in format, and it is a more descriptive name (i.e.,  as `hbp` is the synonym of `heated-bed`) it seems to make more sense to do it that way around... I dunno, it can be swapped if you want.

Actually, go to the synonym page and look at the list to the very right where it shows the vote count in parens. You should see an "approve" link there (I hope). That's what I just saw on two different synonyms on Mechanics.SE and was able to approve them outright.

Yep, well spotted :-)

Really, it should have just created it for you.

Yeah, I might bug report that on SE.Meta

@cmm - Are you going to re-word the question - or do you want someone else to? It is a good question, and as I stated before, I would be interested in the answers. It has moved from the on-hold status to closed, so if you edit it now, it won't automatically go into the re-open queue. Edit it, flag it for moderation attention and I'll re-open it, and we can then see how it fares.

it was between `support-materials` and `support-structures`. The tag `support` appeared to be superfluous (or an umbrella) and I've "synonymised" it to `support-structures`... although now I am wondering if that was correct, as some of the `support` questions may have been about material and not structures. `Health` and `Medical` is another confusing pair that I came across a month ago.

@Greenonline, made my proposal more specific, to keep just the root category.

Yes, I think that makes some sense. I think according to the [tag:burnination] FAQ then re-tagging of these questions is the right thing to do, and like this we can see if there are any valid cases for the specific tags.

That link shows an empty list - is that right?

I only wanted a [ tag ] label, not a link... Too early...

With the synonyms, it's impossible right now to re tag as 'support'. I did find several tagged incorrectly as support-material which are actually talking about the physical support (material), rather than the material of the support.

Ah, does the fact that there is a synonym thereby prevent the retagging? That's annoying, if that is the case. Maybe I should remove the synonym until all retagging has been done.

The the synonym is used, the master tag gets applied.

Ok, i've removed the synonym

I'll look into the list and report back in chat for a discussion, nice to bring it up as I was about to blow new life into this question, thanks! I like your idea of having a single fan tag and a second tag to specify the fan, problem is that people need to add the extra tag, or the community needs to pay attention that a second descriptive tag is added.

@Greenonline print fan was, I assumed, incorrectly described. I updated the wiki to describe it as part cooling.

@SeanHoulihane - Yes, good move. I must admit I was confused initially, upon seeing your edit, as I thought that this (the fan tags) had been all sorted out, but obviously not :-)

@Greenline  I guess I didn't understand that editing a question was either an option, or a suggested path.  I was at a wedding yesterday, so I didn't see your note in time to respond.  Thank you for not letting go.

@cmm, sorry, didn't see you'd been pinged here, I might have waited for your response. I think we need to be generally trying harder to edit questions which get flagged. We did this on IoT and it was quite productive.

I think that Mark's comment on [Closing/locking too many questions?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/111/closing-locking-too-many-questions) which leads to this [Copy-pastable comment text for common problems with questions?](https://robotics.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/176/copy-pastable-comment-text-for-common-problems-with-questions) has some excellent examples. We should use them to tidy our own [Do we have Standardised Comments?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/303/do-we-have-standardised-comments) which is starting to get a bit out of hand.

`[chat]` [chat] ....

This seems like a reasonable request and there are already a fair number of posts that would benefit. Two things to consider: 1) it will add extra page load time to each question (even those that don't use MathJax) and 2) the dollar sign is usually the right delimiter, but some topics need that symbol for other purposes. If y'all are willing to take the overhead and decide on a symbol, I'd be glad to turn MathJax on for y'all.

@JonEricson I put the discussion about the symbol up onto https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/341/which-character-to-use-to-activate-mathjax/342#342 - jsut so we can pin our vote down. `$` and `~` are only used occasionally and then as single characters, so both wouldn't create problems. On the other hand, we could rule out other standard characters as useful: §, %, &, * and # all have legitimate uses in either the 3D printing directly or in borderline cases (e.g. § when we need to talk copyright stuff, * to denote annotions at times, # for "generic number" or weights)

Yes, classic please ($ and $$)

We should stay consistent with other sites. Robotics uses $, and maybe Mathematics

@Greenonline That is a very good reason to go for $, I wonder which character is used by other sites that have MathJax enabled.

Just checked on Robotics, and a $ on its own is rendered correctly, so I cant see a problem.

Math and RPG use $

You can even have $ as part of the equation. Existing posts can potentially become broken, I think that is the only risk. Clearly, they can be edited as soon as we find them.

Thanks Sean, just updated image

@JonEricson - Hi Jon, and thanks in advance for sorting this out. `$` is the chosen symbol, in keeping with Robotics et al.. Looking forward to having it turned on.

This should be the accepted answer, the majority has ruled! :)

`[answer]` [answer]

`[ask]` [ask]  ...

`[help/dont-ask]` [help/dont-ask]

`[help]` [help]

`[about]` [about]

`[tour]` [tour]

`[edit]` [edit]

`[Ask Question](/questions/ask)` [Ask Question](/questions/ask)

We'll go through the list! Thanks for enabling.

Thanks Jon. I am away from a keyboard until Late Sunday unfortunately. Restricted to iPhone only so I can't do much.

Now that we have it enabled, thanks to Jon, you can accept ;)

I went through those couple posts I made where I knew I had used it already as a markup sign (2 cases), checking out the rest. Thanks again Pal!

[This question](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/7131/what-is-the-point-of-diminishing-returns-on-the-stl-refinement-level-in-fusion-3) could use the [tag:Fusion360] tag

@ifconfig, added the tag

+1: I like that concept. Can we make that a reality?

@ifconfig The tags are already in place, we now need a moderator to make a synonym! Please join us on [chat] (http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/79830) you can reach a mod there!

Do we actually need a synonym? The reason I ask is, if TPU is a subset, but different from TPE, why not keep them separate. To me there should be no issue in doing so. People should not be confused by that if they are familiar with either filament, especially if the wiki is filled out for each. JMHO.

@Pᴀᴜʟsᴛᴇʀ2 from what I've read is that it exactly the same.

Is it ***exactly*** the same?

Good points, @Greenonline. I actually agree with both arguments you make here.

Is there that much of a difference based on the model being printed? I've not seen any real difference based on model, but only depending on settings and filament being used.

I totally agree 100%, but I often, cheekily, provide a link or two as suggestions, just so that they know what they should be looking for. For example, the [thermistor question](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/6849/ultimaker-original-temperature-sensor-replacement/6851#6851).

@Greenonline Maybe we should ask those to join in [chat] and pass that information there. Adding an image to show what they look for or describe what they look for might be an idea, but my general opinion is to not answer those questions with direct links. In the past I referred to "Those typical auction sites or Chinese vendor sites", or something in that line. I guess most people will understand where to get it then...

Yeah, good points. I think that adding an image is harmless, but if new people see links in my answers, I guess then they might feel encouraged to ask a question hoping that someone will answer and provide a sneaky link - point taken, I hadn't given it much thought, tbh. I suppose that it never pays to be *overly* helpful. :-)

I don't like the idea of a name change, at least for the main title. There has been reason given for changing the URL, as in so we can have posts show up in the chat, but that doesn't imply a site definition change.

Yeah, rename it

Good points, need to keep things consistent

Hmmm... Neither `pause` nor `change` exist yet, but I see what you mean. Or `swap` or `changeover`. Actually pause could be good, as it might have other uses... why else would one want to pause a print, other than to change filament..? To change temperature? To pause overnight to avoid house fires and/or noise? These are what google just threw at me...

I vote just filament. the rest make no sense / too specific. Though we need a lot more volume before tags are useful

Talking about my own case, I know that I'm not really looking for answers here as I have an Ultimaker and they have a very active community on their forums. They got a handful of very active people on there, mostly users but also a few employees, who reply to most question in the same day or so, and the forums is a trove of answer. Plus the fact that they have forums in languages other than english means that not many people who own an ultimaker or use cura will look elsewhere for answers to their questions.

What does being searchable actually add? Questions and answers are usually not that long to spot certain text when you are on a page, what does it add if it is searchable for the site? E.g. if I would search for combing, you now get some hits, if everyone posts the settings in text you suddenly have many more you need to scroll through.

I was more thinking along the line of posting the searchable settings as an attachment to the question, to avoid the very problem you're describing.

Sorry, I don't understand what you mean with an "attachment to a question" (we cannot add files, we can add links to files, but that is only allowed if the linked file is not essential to the question). If it is in the question body it means it is searchable. Please explain attachment.

My mistake then, I thought that we could add files or links to files.

No prob, the problem of the internet is that links die over time, therefore a question or an answer needs to contain all information, a link can be added, but should not be essential for the question, a link to the settings would contain essential information and would therefore not be allowed. Linking to websites is OK as long as you also post a summary.

Is the "SO" a typo? I'd assume that to mean "Stack Overflow", but obviously it's our question we're talking about here.

Yes I mean stack overflow question. Which is probably redundant.

Yeah I am all for encouraging them to do better. Though as an Admin and I have flags for a post like this, there's not much I think I should do. I do not think we want to close questions such as this. Though I could see doing that for a more extreme case. This one second question was a minor topic. But if the post was I have this issue with an extruder and this Cad question, then we likely should close.

Accepting answers is a great thing. We, unfortunately, cannot force people to do it. The Stack Exchange network has a built in fall back on this, though, if you are wondering about the statistic. If an answer has an uptick on it, as far as the system is considered, the question is answered. An answer on a question just needs to be "well received", which to my understanding means it needs to be upvoted.

I always think that these controls look too disabled and they are placed at the wrong position. After reading the answer, why should someone scroll back to the top and then check something that looks disabled? Make it a button that says "This answer solved my problem". The controls on Aviation.SE don't look disabled.

well... we are not a forum... but the best cure for RL bugging into printing is dedicating time to it... and locking yourself with your printer for that time.

Unless the users come from another stack, they could start with 101, then all your math halves. :)

That sounds like a great solution, hope the SE developers pick that up.

Applause on being our second 101-point diamond poking through! Happy new year to you and your colleagues and a big thanks for hosting us!

I added more screens in my life. Kitchen, bathroom, and car now have a screen on which I can watch educational content while I'm cooking, sitting on toilet, or stuck in traffic. Podcasts while exercising, etc... I try to maximize the value of what I watch and remove the mindless entertainment that teaches me nothing and/or gives no inspiration, such as- sports on which I have no money vested, any show involving "judges" or "reality", and anything on the "History" channel.

honestly? No idea... Bug?

Part of the problem is the questions though: we get a lot of questions that do forget to tell us the essentials: their printer, their print material, their print settings and yet show us only their fail. If I show you a broken bolt and ask you "Where does this belong?" I can at best tell you that it is a broken bolt and maybe its sizing, but not where it belongs - Look around your house and you will find a couple dozen m3 bolts. How am I supposed to know where the broken one is missing?! The extra info I usually ask for is to dial in the problems from everything to a handfull.

Based on my testing on SO, Android.SE, and Anime.SE... the cause of the difference is that ELU, ELL (SO, Android.SE and the rest) have their own site-design, and 3DP (Anime.SE, along with many other sites) are still using common (aka. "beta") site design. But still, the underlying question is valid: why is the order different? ._.?

@Trish, that's reasonable.  Just based on my own experience though, I think I've gotten as much closure grief here as I've had in all the other sites combined, so I've sort of migrated my interest over to reddit-land and facebook groups.  I hope things turn around though, since this could be a great resource.

I too am in agreement on adding both the homing tag and x-axis tag.

We can try this. However, when you advertise something which really is unrelated, the reality of it getting sponsored (getting six votes) becomes pretty slim.

Makes some sense! What are you thinking for the ad itself? Any ideas?

I think this is definitely doable and is absolutely related in both cases. We'd need some ideas as to what we can do as far as the images behind the ads. I like the idea of the Blender quote ... I think it's a starting point and something we can work with.

@Pᴀᴜʟsᴛᴇʀ2 Updated the answer to include an idea for the banner.

Woodworking would have a large crossover.  Engineering too and maybe boardgame people.

CNC and Laser Cutter are currently not considered on-topic in most circumstances. The ones where it is on-topic deal with dual-purpose or converting. It is pretty much "additive Manufacturing".

In the same vein, Electronics.SE is pretty much out sister side when it comes to wiring.

Wouldn't that still be "primarily opinion based" and depending on the level of expertise of the tinkerer? ;)

What about asking questions on [3D Printer manufacturers](/q/389)? IMHO that could be on-topic.

This might be a good time to discuss this further, and I think this should be broken into finer topics about what can be asked about the company itself. Generally, questions related to company's policies are deemed off-topic on SE because it's something that we can't answer officially as consumers.

@0scar - Ok, I'll add that, just before "Materials". Any particular sub points? Feel free to edit and add them yourself, cheers.

Only just seen this... I  like the matrix very much, nice presentation, better than my unwieldy list. I'll need a day to two to digest this and I'll come back with some comment.

A fellow amateur radio operator of mine mentioned that he works out while he makes contacts (his radio shack is in the garage with his work out equipment) and he'll make a couple of contacts in between reps and ultimately "work out" for 3-4 hours.

@0scar - Anyway to fit something like that into a 600x500 pixel image? The ad could read something like: *Imagine. Design. Slice.* along the top, then *3DPrinting.SE* along the bottom.

only under the ccaveat that we don't a) discuss their policies over speculation or b) rant about them

What about 3D printer options for welding, EDM, injection molding, or vacuum forming? I ask because we have all of these in prototype phase where I work.

Davo, it might be a good idea to mark Glorfindel's answer as the accepted one... :-)

Oops, thank you.

Good move. There is no "Usage Guidance" for the tag though, it might be a good idea to add some...

@Greenonline done!

Try Facebook groups. For example: https://www.facebook.com/groups/prusacommunity/

HI, I migrated the question to meta, I hope that you understand why. :-) BTW, What do you mean by `dialing in their devices` exactly? Do you mean comparing their printers and posting pix? Or something else? @Starwind has a (large?) Facebook group, he might know more...? I don't have a Facebook account (left it years ago) so I don't know anything about that...

I thought I had written it on meta.  I wonder what I did wrong?   It is totally not a main group question.

@greenline I'm not sure what word is used in the Prusa community.  I mean going through the process of tweaking this and that to improve the reliability. There is data in support of the mmu2 being a great addition, but at the moment I have a user interaction rate of about 5-7%.  With 100 changes, I have to intervene on about 6 of them.

@Mick Thanks for the reference to the Facebook group.  I'm waiting for a moderator to approve my join request.

Ah *tweaking*, now that's a word I can understand... gotcha :-)

Excellent! A very useful template indeed - it will save a lot of typing, as do the [standardised comments](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/303/do-we-have-standardised-comments) Thank you :-)

Is it obvious from the screenshot that the software is pirated? Is there a particular example that you have in mind?

Yes on both accounts, let's discuss in [chat](https://chat.stackexchange.com/transcript/message/50148259#50148259)

I've just realised that *when* these are used, for a *new user*, we might have to tell them to remove the `<>` once they have filed in the blanks - or end up having to remove them ourselves...

@Greenonline yes, one would.

I don't know for sure, but doesn't the OP have the opportunity to VTR their own post after they believe they've fixed something? Parts of what you pasted here doesn't make logical sense to me.

I'm not sure, it's been a while since I've tried to reopen a closed post. I had a view closed recently on Electronics.SE but I think that the on-hold period has finished now... so I can't check.

Thanks for pointing out the `FDM printer that can also mill and engrave -- what's in scope?` question - I hadn't seen that before, and I will add it to the long list of questions on the [Game plan - What is on-topic?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/276/game-plan-what-is-on-topic) page. I had seen the laser graving question, and was unsure why it was off-topic, given the expanded proposed on-topic list.  TBH, that list needs to be put into the On-topic help page, and set in stone, IMHO. I'd be interested in seeing the answers that you get to this question.

There was also a scanner question a few months ago that got closed too, and I thought scanners were also fair game now: [Resources on getting horus/ciclop scanners to work?](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/8057/resources-on-getting-horus-ciclop-scanners-to-work), but I digress, and will bring that up in a different meta post - but thanks again for reminding me.

WRT how far should we go, looking at that laser question, it *seems* to be a g-code related issue - given that it has a g-code tag (rightly or wrongly), and therefore *maybe* on topic. As you say, as the common mechanics of laser engraving and 3D printing are, mostly, quite similar, then if the question is related to steppers, control, power, etc. then maybe it would be answerable. However, if it starts to ask about the finer points of engraving, then is there actually anyone here, or who comes here, who can answer that? If there isn't, then there's probably no point in asking it here.

Where I work, [Hyrel](http://hyrel3d.com), our printers can take spindle (milling) heads and even diode and (on some models) CO2 lasers, and they all operate on the same gcode - we even have a TIG welding attachment. We also run our Fadal CNC machines on our printer software and firmware. To us, this is a natural progression for a high-quality 3D positioning system, and I encourage a broader definition.

Another [question](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/10055/laser-la03-5000-wiring-to-ramps-1-4) appeared after the one you linked. I think we should allow these questions, basically it is a 3D printer that uses a different tool. The only thing is, that voting is lagging behind because people have no affinity with the subject.

Thanks! Works great to support some questions and answers, we will make sure, as a community, to use is sparsely and wisely!

Many thanks for this.

Yes, thanks Paul. I realised within about an hour of posting it, that I may have opened up a can of worms, with the open ended-ness of some the topics listed - with the recent fastest MDF printer question being a good illustration of this issue. I may have been a little premature with the update and not thought the whole thing through fully. I might pull it briefly, while I rethink and clarify. Thanks for pointing it out.

@Greenonline - I don't think I'd pull it back ... let's just get it cleaned up.

How about 3D Automated Manufacturing, which covers additive and subtractive?

regarding the print services, many questions can be locked as "Opinion based" asking for best or good place.

@Trish - While that is true, if you state up front it's not allowed, it will preclude them getting asked in the first place ... not all of them, but from a moderator's perspective, it's a lot better to catch a large percentage of them before they become questions than it is to rely on running them through the review queues. Human intervention is tiresome to say the least.

@Trish and Pᴀᴜʟsᴛᴇʀ2 many thanks for the input. After some thought, I have added a bit more to the topics page. See my answer below.

RE: "However, if it starts to ask about the finer points of engraving, then is there actually anyone here, or who comes here, who can answer that? If there isn't, then there's probably no point in asking it here." - **perhaps if we have the questions, we'll attract the expertise.**

Ah. That makes more sense. It also appears that I misinterpreted the explanation provided by Stack. Therefore, thanks for clearing this up. Marked as Answer

@GipsyD - You got a -10 here ... I lost 800 points on Mechanics.SE during the same sweep. Argh.

These are great updates and definitely on target!

Can you join @0scar in [chat] as he seems to have an answer. I can delete it if you *really* want but it might be better to discuss/explain first to avoid confusion and people taking time to post answers which are then deleted. If you could explain why you think it is useless then it might help others to understand.

New CNC-type question, https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/q/10610/4922

Thanks @tbm0115 :-)

Yeah, well done @0scar and also everyone who participated :-)

Thanks, and thank you all for your support!

Congrats 0scar. Enjoy your new found executive power!

Thank you. I unfortunately have become swamped in my personal life and haven't been able to keep up with the duties. But, I leave moderation here in good hands with you, Greenonline, and StarWind0. Thanks to all three of you for the work you already have done and will continue to do.

I have customers who use a 450nm laser to photoinitiate crosslinking in their print media. That is 100% additive manufacturing with a laser, without being a sintering process. Food for thought.

3D scanning should be on topic, it depends upon the question, I guess. See [on-topic](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic).

`anet-a2` definitely looks better than `aneta2`, so yes to this.

I'm in favor of this, this has been a thorn for a while. There are more printers with this problem

Rename to the actual product name, so "ultimaker-cura". The slicer is called "Ultimaker Cura" not Cura, it changed from Cura to Ultimaker Cura a while ago. So the Cura tag should be renamed to "ultimaker-cura".

All done..! :-) Merged and `anetaX` is now a synonym of `anet-aX`

@0scar, that *does* make sense... but it also means we have to rename, or add new synonyms each time someone buys Cura...

An alias/synonym would make "type in Cura, get it set to Ultimaker-Cura" automatically. Often, renaming leaves behind an alias/synonym automagically.

All done. Merged, and `cura` is now a synonym of `ultimaker-cura`

I've left a comment to see if the user can tell us which printer it is. The user still visits from time to time. We can't really tell from the date. Which models were available at the time of writing? It can't be #3, see [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultimaker)

Just thought, what happens if it is an issue common to all Ultimaker printers? We tag all of the printers?

in those cases one could possibly tag the manufactuer, but up to now, I have only seen machine specific ones.

filled-pla could (maybe) be confused with something being filled with PLA... unlikely, but blended is a lot less ambiguous.

I've just noticed, in the question is says "ulmaker original +". So which one is that? Is that different from original, or 2, or 2+. Maybe it deserves it's own tag? Strangely, it is not listed in the [Wikipedia products section](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultimaker#Products), although google comes up with valid product pages, even on the [Ultimaker site](https://ultimaker.com/en/resources/manuals/ultimaker-3d-printers/ultimaker-original-plus). Confusing!

Original is 1, afaik, + is the upgrade... Possibly renaming turf? [tag:Ultimaker-1] to [tag:Ultimaker-original]?

Hmmm... I've just retagged it to ultimaker-1, and fixed the typos

technically, yes, but we can't keep a tag if we have no question with it. We'd need a question that has at least 2 printers targeted to tag creality or one about the company.

@Trish I cannot follow you, all 4 tags for printer models exist and could be prefixed with [tag:creality-...], I'm not in favor of adding the tag [tag:creality] unless there are questions for it. As a matter of fact it should already have been created and used for all listed models.

Oh, well, it is Creality-Ender-3, yes!

I can see what you mean, but I am sure that any such edits are meant with good intention, and are not intended to annoy anyone or make them feel unwelcome.  We like to try to keep this particular SE site correct (be that grammatically, SI units and the correct spacing, or brand names or what have you). However, you raise a valid point, w.r.t. the manufacturer, and we'll take note in future. Cheers :-)

Indeed, I don't think the intention is bad. But it ends up being irritating and with a result that's objectively neither better nor worse, just gratutitously difference from what the author originally wrote.

All good points and quite understandable... BTW, thanks for your input and contributions to the site - the more active members the better, and we might actually make it out of beta (one day)..! :-D

Hmmm... It would start to make the tags twice the length. On the other hand, having the makers name in the tag would avoid [this issue](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/439/canonicalizing-verbosifying-software-names), i.e. it ("Creality") would not need to be repeated in the question text itself.

Personally I don't like the units changes either - replacing space with `&nbsp;` is ugly and makes the markdown hard to read/edit, contrary to the whole purpose of markdown, and I don't even consider a space between the last digit and °C to be proper style - I always learned the degree sign goes immediately "on" the digit. But these are all matters of formatting style where it's easy for me to accept that the site mods want a polished uniformity, even if it's not one I agree with, much like a common indentation style in a codebase.

@R. - Please read [Don't forget the space!](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/297/dont-forget-the-space). It is the [international standard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units#General_rules). The ° is adjacent to the quantity *only* for angular measurements... that surprised me too. You *could* use the unicode non-breaking space character (`U+00A0`/`\xa0`/`ALT255`), but as that is invisible, it's virtually impossible to tell if it is there or not. BTW, if you have anything that you wish to discuss, you can join us in [chat].

@Greenonline: Fair enough. This probably has some relation to my being one of the folks who refuses to say kibibytes. ;-)

Welding can be considered IMHO as "additive", friction welding is more "transformative"

How can I do a non-breaking space in a comment? Test: 10&nbsp;mm

@BG100 Try `ALT+0160`? Or on Windows Ctrl+Shift+Spacebar (or on a Mac, type Option+Spacebar)

This is to make sure nothing is overlooked - it should be "top" as it is accepted.

In other words: it is correct _and expected_ to show a space between the value and unit, but it is not correct to allow the space to break to a new line. If you're going to be pedantic enough to edit a post to add those spaces, you should also be certain to get the non-breaking part right. In situations where you can't easily put in a correct non-breaking space, you may be better off being wrong by omitting the space than being wrong by allowing the units to break from the value. Don't forget that line breaks may happen in different/unexpected places depending on screen size or browser width

@JoelCoehoorn - If you put a non-breaking space, and the line is too short, then both the quantity and the units will drop onto the next line. What situation were you thinking of? It's not clear why you wouldn't be able to (unless you mean in the comments).

@Greenonline Not all people doing this edits know about `&nbsp;`. That you won't really be in that situation is kind of the point, but I ran out of space for "In other words, do this all the time"

No, I'm super-cool with deliberate vague-ness in this area. I've been a [public proponent](https://meta.stackexchange.com/a/26614/3043) of the "community/audience fit" approach to closing off-topic posts for (checks timestamp on the linked post) almost exactly 10 years now. Generally I would recommend new or beta sites SE sites such as this define their topic area _extremely broadly_ while still building their audience, and then only firm that up after volume increases.

Note that Question 2 likely won't get answers. Question 3 could be Opinion based, if it was very highly postprocessed. 1 and 4 are standard application questions.

I have changed the language within the template to remove the word "terse". Terse has negative connotations in the English language. It generally means "short and rude". If you say an OP's question is "terse", you are basically calling them rude ... In the process, if we really don't mean that, we are the ones being rude.

@Pᴀᴜʟsᴛᴇʀ2 - good point, well spotted... it'll also need to be removed from the standard comments too, as I think I used it there too...

@Greenonline - AH! I should have known ... glad you adjusted it! :o)

Do you have an answer that you wish to post? It could be reopened if you wish to do so. After all, it *was* closed prematurely, with only four votes.

[This question is related.](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/q/30/11242). [This answer is also related!](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/a/285/11242) ... Yes, I cannot relate efficiently enough how important voting is to a Beta site (or any site, for that matter.)

It's pretty crazy that only four people have cast over 1k votes on this site, and only a dozen have cast over 500. What's going on?

Hmmm... It would start to make the tags twice the length. On the other hand, having the makers name in the tag would avoid [this issue](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/439/canonicalizing-verbosifying-software-names), i.e. it ("Creality") would not need to be repeated in the question text itself. – Greenonline♦ Sep 2 at 9:12

I cannot follow you, all 4 tags for printer models exist and could be prefixed with creality-..., I'm not in favor of adding the tag creality unless there are questions for it. As a matter of fact, it should already have been created and used for all listed models. – 0scar♦ Aug 31 at 20:54

filled-pla could (maybe) be confused with something being filled with PLA... unlikely, but blended is a lot less ambiguous. – Greenonline♦ Aug 31 at 9:37

There is quite a lot of traffic actually if you look at the site statistics (unlocked at 10k reputation; compared to other SE sites), what you actually mean that there isn't much user interaction, most is redirected from a search, register (or not) and get their information and leave. Maybe if we would vote more, reputation grows faster and people might stick. Sadly there are too less voters at this site.

I would disagree with a merge, mainly because while they can related, they are still distinctly different. I mean, on Mech we differentiate between the two even in the title of our Stack. I do agree there can be a gray area between the two where they can overlap. Personally, I think if something falls into the gray realm, maybe both tags should be used. Just thinking out loud, though.

I think this is salient advice.

@0scar - Actually, traffic can be realized on [the main page of all the sites](https://stackexchange.com/sites#traffic).  3dP is getting 3.6k visits/day (at the moment). Mech is getting 50k right now, though that's actually pretty low. It's usually well in the 70-80k range. Remember too, during this time of year, sites usually lose traffic until right after Christmas, then it will spike up again. At least that's how I think it happens! :o)

Fair enough, but I think all of the current bed-tag questions fall in the build-plate category, so bed tags could be removed and questions retagged untill we get a Hyrell bed question. What I mean to say is that currently all bed questions are tagged incorrectly. I will go through them to find out. Thanks for the feedback!

Note for a heated bed there is a separate tag!

Hmm. Well, I suppose there's no need for an unheated beds tag... We actually have a chilled (sub-zero) bed as well, but no need to go making a bunch of tags just to satisfy ontological OCD. :)

:-) That was exactly my point, the bed can be merged to build-plate. Then you still have the option to not add the heated-bed tag, then it does not have to be heated.

or we separate better: Bed for the mechanical side, heated-bed for the heating, build-plate for adhesion or surface things?

We need to come up wit a good terminology, all `bed` tagged questions are in fact not related to the bed structure, but to the `heated bed` or the `print surface/volume`. I find `bed` to be difficult to use correctly, certainly for newcomers, `platform` or `bed-structure`, `heated-bed-plate`, `glass-print-surface`, `PEI-print-surface`, etc. are more logical. So if the `bed` questions are re-tagged correctly, we won't have a `bed` tag left!

That... actually seems like a good solution. @Davo what do you think? Kill `bed` and `build-plate` completely in a rebranding and sort the questions into `bed-movement`/`bed-structure` and `bed-heating`/`heated-bed` and `build-surface`/`glass-build-surface`/`removeable-build-surface`?

For discussions: https://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/103247/should-we-merge-tag-bed-and-build-plate

@Davo see https://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/103247/should-we-merge-tag-bed-and-build-plate

see also: https://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/103247/should-we-merge-tag-bed-and-build-plate

@Tris thanks, I've added some info there.

I've posted in the chat.

This sounds great.

Our Meta is tiny...

Yeah it might be, but unfortunately @Trish, every little bit helps our case here... Area51 is unfortunately understaffed at this time.

Basically, your question could be seen as an advertisement. So instead of focus on getting enough people to backup your proposal, you could go a little more in detail how *3DPrinting* and *Drones and Model Aircraft* are not overlapping. This still gets your attraction while discussing overlap. E.g. design of servo mounts could be posted at your site, while printing issues with supports or filament specific questions fit better here.

Makes sense to me. @0scar should be able to easily make the change, if he wants to.

You should ask this on meta. I've flagged for it to be moved, so you don't have to do anything except maybe flag for a moderator to move it over for you.

the version 1 is up - revision time!

I have spent the last day weriting out the most needed configuration.h changes into the answer. At the moment the steps 2 and 3 are rather short and nondescript - and you can chime in by now.

This topic has a positive reception but 19 month later, no actions are taken. Is there a plan to change 3D printing scope?

I think it is closely related to build plate adhesion, but a first layer tag might be a good idea. Need to think it over.

Does this answer your question? [Can we get MathJax enabled?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/314/can-we-get-mathjax-enabled)

Just to clarify, I said I already voted the post up. That was the problem I was getting to.

@Glorfindel It looks like I was 2 years and 7 months too early with my question, and you were another 1 year and 7 months too late with your comment. *8')

I think we have to remove the "support" tag (support can have a different meaning), support-structures is more descriptive.

Actually, you should have "support" point to "support-structures", if that is your intent? If you just rename one to the other without pointing it, the old tag can be recreated. As a mod, you can create the synonym directly without the voting hassle (it's hard to find five non-mod votes to push the synonym forward as they have to have "so many" points within the tag to vote on the synonym ... it's ridiculous).

Is there some problem that the first layer can have that others can't - other than bed adhesion?

I did not think of it being re-created... We can anyways remove the `support` tag if it gets recreated or create a synonym later. I'm more in favor of renaming `support` to `supports` and then make it a synonym for `support-structures`. (I was thinking of a mod forced change, no voting)

Yah, "supports" would work as well. I'm just thinking of removing the confusion up front. A little more work now creates a lot less work later, kind of thing. The thing I don't like about "support" as meaning someone coming on here to receive support ... isn't that what they come on here for help with in the first place? It seems like a superfluous kind of tag ... sort of "self fulfilling" or something, I don't know. It's like a tag named "help" ... lol.

I'm sometimes surprised by the stuff the new users pull, but I'm always patient, and wouldn't be surprised to see the help or support tag appear... So we rename support to supports and create a synonym, the support structure will be the main tag.

A problem I see is that many issues (like bed not level, or zero position off) are usually noticed on the first layer, but they're overall setup problems, not first layer problems.

@Davo when the question is asked, it's not yet know which is the cause. But I see that the tag is not so needed as I thought.

@FarO I'm not against the tag, I'm just trying to understand the category of problems for which this would be better than some other tag (like [tag:adhesion] or [tag:bed-leveling]. If such cases exist, then I'm all for this new tag.

Can you delete the tag "first-layer"? I have no rights for that. The question which had that tag were in fact all about bed leveling or adhesion, I edited them (but in fact they already had the correct tags).

@0scar if Trish cannot, can you delete the tag I created? I have no rights for that.

@FarO not a single one with [tag:first-layer] exists. The tag will die itself in a couple days.

@Jonathan - Probably just some weird browser bug. It happens from time to time (unrefreshed pages etc.)

-1, only because I think that we aren't equipped to answer COVID requirement questions. A medical SE site might be better (if one exists). I'd plus one the "ultimately it’s often just a waste of plastic" quote though. People printing random ventilator parts at home in non-clean environments, using random plastics, doesn't help in the slightest (unless it is for prototyping).

@0scar, thanks for your reply.  I feel aligned with you here.  Welcoming is fine, perhaps even good, but expect to either edit one's own answer or have it edited later.  I'm OK with that approach.

@cmm I've been thinking a little more on this subject and think we can welcome people even better by appreciating their questions and content by voting on their contributions. Please consider voting more often! If the question is not up to par, edit the question or guide the user and then upvote! The sooner they reach 50 the sooner they can leave comments and enter the public chat.

Many thanks for the question, as it is now, it is already pretty big for just a brain dump! As an aside, how do we encourage people to edit? It always seem to be the same editors.

That is always a bit of a waiting game - however, we do occasionally get some new editors coming along... people who want to give their reputation a bit of a boost.

Also, keep an eye on the comments, when asking a poster for extra information, make sure it is edited into the question. After that comments may be flagged for "It's no longer needed".

instead of the HTML variant I generate the fixed space with `ALT`+ `0160`

@Trish - The problem with that is that it is Windows specific and it isn't visible, so it isn't clear if it has been added or not (I think? I can't check either of those statements at the moment)

huh... otherwise: include "Centigrade is an angular measurement of $\frac \pi {20000}$ and not unit of temperature" into the unit part.

@Trish - I'm not sure I understand what you mean about the Centigrade, but feel free to add anything that is a common editing mistake to the post if it has been omitted. :-)

I share this opinion on CAD related questions. There probably should be a dedicated Stack for CAD, but it could well be that there are good alternatives for that, as a CAD Stack would have to cope with all the different software applications out there.

The [On-topic page](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/on-topic) has now been updated for clarity.

Nice addition to the on-topic page!

_"This means we avail ourselves to NY law"_ Who's "we"? If you mean the company, then you should probably have kept the Meta.SE question. Some users will disagree with you, but that should be fine. You might not get a definitive answer from Stack Exchange Inc. or not find a policy about this as others have suggested there, but that should be fine too. If you meant something else, you should probably clarify.

@ICloneable anyone who engages with such a question by answering. WE as in the community.

Well, in that case, the fact that the servers are in NYC is not really relevant. The community members are not employees in the company and I would imagine that most of them are not residents in NYC.

@ICloneable but interact with NY state in doing their "business", their actions of answering actions is happening (for the law) *in* NY.

Ah, I thought I'd removed all the references (I did remove #1, didn't see the others). These footnotes are in [Game plan - What is on-topic?](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/276/game-plan-what-is-on-topic). As to the sideways links, maybe the numbers of the links are messed up - actually, yes, probably. I'll look into it in the morning. Cheers for pointing them out. Actually the links probably shouldn't *even* be in a on-topic page. They are leftover comments from the "Game Plan" meta page, when the list was first being constructed.

I think it's in the on-topic page, I vaguely remember seeing it today. Says off-topic (I think). Actually it should probably be moved it to the off-topic section at the bottom.

To be honest, I think the mods would delete, not just close, any firearms questions that come up. Similar to if someone posted on Arduino "How can I make a bomb"? :-) However, what about 3D printed crossbows, or a spear, or club? Umm, this is getting murky now... IANAL, so I have no idea what we are meant to do actually.

@Greenonline the "Legal issues" category lists "guns" as on topic,

Oh does it? Oh dear... Hmmm, not sure then,

@Greenonline I read that as questions about the legality are on topic (I think they are). It is not a carte balance about *how to print a barrel* or something

Ah, right. Yes, so a legal question is OK, but how to print is not? So that (partially) solves my question in the comment on your answer then.

OK, removed links and refs as well as a bit more tidying and expansion of examples. The trouble with providing examples, is that the list gets even longer. I think it is waaaay too long, IMHO.

RepRap gets my vote...

@octopus8 Appreciate your taking the time to try and answer. Thanks!

Most people posting their first question don't know the rules at SE. I don't think we should bend the rules. Just delete their answer but leave a message to post their own question. We should stick to option 3 IMHO.

Is it possible to add option "Turn into question" available only to answer's author? - for example only if the answer has been flagged? For example in my case, I am trying to give answers, but so far I did not add any new question. Why...? I plan to do some research before, including searching the knowledge base prior to asking... thus, maybe I am afraid to introduce duplicate, or prefer to remain in comfort zone. (And the last sentence about desperation is true.) Maybe this is just psychology, therefore I propose such shortcut / incentive.

@octopus8 - Nope, not without a feature request being submitted to SE.Meta (which would be a very good idea). Currently, there's nothing in the UI to do that. There may already be such a request, have a look. I vaguely recall the topic (but not a UI feature request) being discussed, and apparently it was something to do with moderators shouldn't be able to force the user to do something (i.e. write a question for them, when maybe they don't want to). But, hold on, you are saying for the user, and the user only, to do? Then that would be a very good idea.

Not sure if you've changed how you're handling flags but recently I noticed a lot of my NAA flags are being marked disputed even though they're being deleted straight away, for example: https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/7634/how-do-i-calibrate-the-temperature-of-my-hotend/15477#15477

Is there any **signpost page** here on SE, which could help navigate to valid subdomain? There is a search page aggregating questions, but no tags summarized :(. It could be done using brackets, but still the result is questions, not **the community**. I could find "freecad", "cad" or "technical-drawing" on stackoverflow, engineering, graphicdesign. **Global tag search** could help navigating a lot - and would be much more constructive for redirecting someone. *Btw. there is also "3d-printing" on engeneering site (after quick look I would say most of questions fit there better, but not all).*

There's one flaw: new users with less than some reputation **can't** access chat, even if invited.

@octopus8 there is no meta-tag-search. the tag for us in other SEs is in the nature of the beast: 3D-Printing has overlap with other areas. Blender, Engineering, [Arts & Crafts](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/449/avoiding-overlap-with-the-arts-crafts-site), a little bit into Electronics.

`Are we on the wrong end of cheap printers with poor support` ... Lately we are bombarded with questions on the Enders... poor printer quality on poor support leads them to this site I guess.

Of course, I see the same and I agree with overlapping. I puzzle how to pin "where should I go with this" to the process? One idea is to have manually maintained signpost page in help center, but this would be just a workaround. See: being newcomer having a urgent issue, the chance to land at "on-topic" page is minimal. Plus all small widgets always make the site little overwhelming. I discover something every day. My suggestion: could "on-topic" link be added to "Step 1: Draft your question" when asking?

@PeterJ Could be caused by the system, mods get a review (summary) of flags, but with very little content (probably caused by SO as they get hundreds of flags per day), sometimes it is not obvious from that interface if the flag should be honored or not, in such cases I go to the question and do the modding, this may surpass the flag and mark it as dispute? It certainly is not intentional! Your (and others') moderation flagging is highly appreciated!

There's also the [Suffrage](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/badges/62/suffrage) badge (which you usually get whilst getting the Vox Populi badge), for 30 votes in a day.

@Trish - yeah, that's really annoying.

How should menu items in software, i.e. Cura, or settings, i.e. 'Layer Height', be formatted?

@Trish - I've only just noticed (from your comment) that you can put MathJax in comments, I never knew that. Now that is cool! :-)

@agarza - Please see [this answer](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/a/515/4762)

For reference, the arrow (►) is &#x25B6;

Wow, it's 2021, and only **SIX** of us have the Electorate badge?

18 months later, and only five people have cast over 1k votes on this site, and only 14 have cast over 500.

Only just seen this. OK, I guess it could/should be added... if people agree with the proposal..? Personally I have no idea what they are. Are they additive printing? The name suggests that they are just writing (similar to engraving). Do you want to add them because they are similar to CNC? Maybe I'm being dumb, but maybe you could expand upon your proposal and say what they are and why you want them added(?)

@Greenonline Proposal added to, thanks.

Being a relative small site with few very active members that can actually vote, it is more a need to have a three vote closure review queue than a five vote. Note that three used to be the default, but large sites required five: `We ended up with five votes to close based on very specific feedback from the early days of closure and the very immature state of review, though it had previously been three.`

Just for the record, *if* I could vote on my own answer, personally (and not as a mod) I would vote "**No - keep 5 votes**". Why? Because a number of stupid reasons: (a) I don't like closing things; (b) I don't like change; (c) The system sort of works as it is (with the mods using their super-powers to clean things up); (d) laziness, and; (e) I like playing "devil's advocate"... *All of which* are bad reasons to vote "No", I agree - but that is my vote.

I agree with @0scar; for a small population site, three votes should be plenty.  What's our membership here, a few hundred?  And how many of those have review privileges?

@ZeissIkon - you can see the users' statistics [here](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/a/265/4762). review queues at 350 rep and close votes at 500 rep - see [Privileges](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/privileges).

Thanks, @Greenonline.  My guess wasn't far off.  Heh.  I'm "in on the ground floor."

Nice graphs. I believe the one on the left would be more intuitive if the scale went from 0 to 4, instead of 1.5 to 4. ;)

Thanks :-) I know what you mean (it's misleading as it stands - over exaggerating the change), However, I tried it with different scales...but it becomes (more or less) a straight line (which is even less meaningful). I'll add some code (at some point) to make the individual scales adjustable in the config file (I thought that I already had, but I clearly haven't, or the changes have been lost - I'll have to go through the code more carefully later).

Great question.

I've had this happen when I put a bounty on somebody else's question. Sometimes there are just no answers, especially on very particular problems. :-( Note that the question itself is clear, the problem on the other hand is very difficult to grasp, I'm still inclined to put it in the category of a broken cable that sometimes loses connection or shorts as a result of the movement of the nozzle carriage, I've experienced that myself with a faulty BLTouch cable.

I think I'm better leaving the question -- at least someone else with the same problem will know to call an exorcist first.  Will the system put up a message saying the bounty wasn't awarded, leave the bounty banner up, or just remove it entirely (along with my 50 rep)?

That doesn't seem to stop people trying to answer (and even getting votes from similarly clueless readers) on other SE sites...

@ZeissIkon Unfortunately, bounties are non-refundable and immediately deduced from your reputation stack. I hope you once find the solution and post it yourself. The banner will be gone after the grace period has ended.

I'll try to do an experiment early in a throw-away print -- I'll pull the extruder or z-axis stepper cable (those are fixed location and accessible while running) and see if that will stop the machine (effectively, simulating a broken wire disconnect).  Occurred to me this morning that since this happens while printing infill (as opposed to walls) about 90% of the time, it might well be movement induced, but could also be the microSD socket losing connection.

k.  If I find a solution, you may rest assured I'll post it.

@ZeissIkon Indeed, bounties do attract attention, sometime the wrong kind... It is up to the community to vote the quality of the answer certainly when bounties are involved, you've seen that the deleted answer was such an answer but it got voted down. Hence voting is key, thank you for your contribution in that respect!

@ZeissIkon Beware that pulling live stepper cables can destroy stepper drivers, be sure to read some info in that respect!

Sigh.  So much for the easy way.  I already know (as a tool repair person) how annoying it is to try to trace an intermittent, and replacing the cables involves those woven wire looms...  :(

See SE.Meta; [bounty expired with no answers… wasted reputation?](https://meta.stackexchange.com/q/51286/280335)

The solution is, if you don't award the points, the points go away and nobody gets them. There is nothing stating you ***have*** to award the points. If there's nothing you can award the points to, then that's that. This is how the system works. I'm not sure what there would be to troubleshot.

@Pᴀᴜʟsᴛᴇʀ2 The solution mentioned in comments hints to the solution of https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/questions/16474/why-is-my-ender-3-restarting-spontaneously-in-mid-print not the solution of this question :-)

Please note: Catija has been [notified](https://arduino.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/2681/3-vote-close-hows-it-going) of the results (8-1 in favour as of this date).

That's quite a clever logo! :-)

Sadly, I expect that the same people who don't vote much also don't visit meta much.

Are there any particular parameter constraints, i.e. height and width?

Clearly it should be a benchy.

Favicon.ico should be 32 x 32 pixels. Images used at https://stackexchange.com/sites are 48 x 48 pixels, although I remember larger images for larger communities in the past; it's possible images were scaled up or down. Probably safest to stick with a 265 color or internet-safe palate.

We are a tiny community. We should be able to lock questions quicker.

@ZeissIkon We are about 10 main people active, 2 of them mods.

As an alternate, perhaps you can find help at https://www.cnczone.com/forums/ (no affiliation), which claims over half a million registered users.

Whilst not wishing to sound ungrateful for the great work that Shog9 and Brian have put into this, it would be nice to see the past years' results in the same table, side by side. I don't know if that would make the table unwieldy after 5 or 10 years though, unless it was made scrollable horizontally. It would just show progress (if any) a lot better, rather than one year in isolation, and then having to open the past year's results in another tab and then having to flick between the two (or more tabs - if more historical progress is to be seen). Does that make sense?

It makes sense, yeah, @Greenonline — I'll see if there's anything we can do about it for next year, but can't promise anything.

Not a regular here and having no knowledge about the product, so just a comment: if it's only a rebranding and there's no difference in the features/capabilities, I feel it makes sense to add a tag synonym.

Ah thanks, yes "synonym" not "alias". That's what I meant :-)

Ah, I see. That's a bit annoying. So maybe just have two separate tags, and in the frankensbox tag, just state that it is really a DF-3? Mind you, it's not like we actually get many frankensbox questions... so we could just type the tag in ourselves (i.e. the active tagging members of the user base)

@Greenonline Actually, the OP has bought a Frankensbox, so it is a Frankensbox, not a Dedibot, so why would we want to make a synonym. It is better to mention in the tag description that the Frankensbox is now known under Dedibot.

Yeah, that's what I meant - leave it tagged as it is, but in the frankensbox tag description add the rebranding info. I'm not sure why I mentioned the other tag - I sort of thought that we should create a DF-3 tag anyway (purely to have a complete set), but I *now* realise that it is pointless as we don't actually have any questions about a DF-3 (yet). :-)

Huh, I wish they'd make their minds up, about what its name is, and not keep changing it! :-)

They rebranded the software and names, there is a posting on their own forums somewhere, but I couldn't find it. This is the name they stick with! For now that is ;-) I think that now Ultimaker has established itself very well in the 3D printer market that it is not going to change.

With us being graduated, we need to have our Logo!

With three votes being the consensus a mod feels less burdened if the mod hits the third vote on the three vote option than the third on a five vote option.... @Trish of that 8 not all have the ability to vote I think.

@Greenonline apparently, the HTML hiding no longer works :(

Oh, that's really annoying. Do you know since when it stopped working, and also why it stopped working? Was it due to a change by the SE team? Have you got a link? How did you find out?

@Greenonline I found by adding it to a question that was little more than a blurb "I can't print!" or such. I suspect it is a change in the code

Hmmm... If I were you. I would raise a bug on Meta.SE. They've made a lot of changes recently, that negatively impact upon the UX/UI.

The template doesn't seem to be invisible anymore... see https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/q/19281/4762 and https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/q/19280/4762. Shouldn't start and end be `<!--` ... `-->`?

Fixed with the new code!

mhchem *also* allows to write chemical fomulas and other things: `$\ce{H2O}$` renders a very nice, non italicised $H_2O$

I wonder if we need to ask someone directly (either on Meta or the TL), for example [Catija](https://worldbuilding.meta.stackexchange.com/a/9751)

Can't you put the `\text` before the number/quantity as well, so you get the same font? See [this comment](https://worldbuilding.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/9710/can-we-extend-mhchem-support-in-mathjax-to-include-physical-units?cb=1#comment31298_9710)

Thank you very much for sorting this out. I would like to add that the moderators do *try* not to close single handedly, but rather wait for at least two other votes, thereby making our vote the third... I think that it is fair to say that waiting for an additional third or fourth community vote usually means that a bad question hangs around for waaay too long, perhaps indefinitely... Often there are only two community votes - it's a small (active) community. The mods will try to discuss the third close vote in mod chat, making it a better concensus (rather than just a dictatorial third vote).

To clarify: it's not a problem that mods cast close votes in and of itself. Rather, it can only be somewhat concerning if the majority of closed posts are closed by mods, which seems to be the case here. But, to your point, I'm aware that the community is rather small, and that because of that the other option might be that the close votes end up just aging away — and since y'all do wait so your vote isn't the first one, it's even less concerning that you're casting the votes. That being said, hopefully the adjustment helps with removing the need for y'all to _have_ to cast the votes at all.

@Greenonline Why does it have to imply criminality? A pyrotechnic might be developing a detonation device and might choose Arduino as their platform. It doesn't imply that it's criminal. In fact, printing 3D firearms is legal in the US (as long as you insert a special metal bar). There's a big difference between a legitimate question about legal firearm printing and a low-effort "how do I make a gun?" question.

@forest the world is much larger than the US, and it is illegal in New York State.

@Greenonline: Mods can escalate Meta posts for staff attention by adding the [status-review] tag, as detailed in this MSE post: [What posts should be escalated to staff using \[status-review\], and how do I escalate them?](https://meta.stackexchange.com/q/348642/335251)

Still six of us; nobody has earned the Electorate badge since 2018. That's very sad.

@V2Blast - OK, just seen this. OK, acting upon it shortly, thanks.

OK Trish, I've added the status-review tag, a month too late... sorry for not acting earlier... it's been too hot to think (that's my excuse that I'm sticking to) :-)

@Greenonline no problem, we are few, and it is low priority.

[Graduation is now independent from site designs.](https://meta.stackexchange.com/q/263905/335251) That said, [we've recently been working on creating designs for some of the sites that have been waiting the longest](https://meta.stackexchange.com/a/378976/335251).

"E.g. if you make a synonym tag [tag:frankensbox-fx-800] for the target tag [tag:dedibot-df3], the user creating the tag to the question needs to be exactly typed in as `frankensbox-fx-800`, i.e. there is no pop-up for suggestions of the tag you are about to use." – This isn't entirely correct. If you start typing the name of the tag (even if you don't type out the whole thing) in the tag bar (i.e. when editing a post's tags), then if what you've typed is included in the tag name (or the tag description as well, which I think is a more recent change), the system will suggest that tag.

So in this case, if [tag:frankensbox-fx-800] is a synonym pointing to [tag:dedibot-df3], then if you start typing `frankensbox` in the tag area for a question, then the system will include [dedibot-df3] in the tags it suggests (if that's one of the top 6 results for the tag text you typed, at least). The same is true if you start typing `fx-800` instead, since it's also part of the name of the synonymized tag.

Nice one! Thanks Slate :-)

I think it's fine, with generic terms like that.

In general, I don't think this sort of question would have the problems that come with recommendation-type questions. (Recommendation questions tend to be very subjective in terms of what the best product is, and also tend to be time-specific in that product availability/prices/etc. often changes over time.) That said, whether it'd be a good question and whether the community wants to allow such questions may be a different matter.

I don't think this is an acronym, but be aware that acronyms are spelled differently in Britain and in USA.  For example, "Nato" and "NATO", or 'Aids" and "AIDS".

All answers will be speculation, that being said, the quality and format of different alternatives is not that good. I've followed Reddit for a while, many answers aren't that great or helpful and sometimes even incorrect.

I don't see any reason to expect that our metrics will change unexpectedly... what am I missing?

@Davo For those with a reputation over 5k, [site-analytics](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/help/privileges/site-analytics) shows it is more or less increasing over the years (discarding the [recent drop](https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/381668/google-analytics-4-ga4-upgrade) as a recent change to Google Analytics 4).

Just a thought... would it be worthwhile making the template in a list format (for readibility)? Or would that make it too complicated?

To comment on the fewer post, there has always been a variable sinusoid curve peaking around Christmas, looking at the weekly posted questions there are a little less questions, but isn't that expected. With good questions we gain a vast base which doesn't require people to post their own questions, they might have found the answer already! Personally I find it harder and harder to think of original questions to add to our knowledgebase to share my experience.

Also, looking at the changing world, people (especially the younger generation when looking at my kids) want video's while old timers like me prefer a webpage with text. I simply cannot get used to watching a video over and over rewinding to find out what the poster did or meant. But I might be one of the few... hence the diminishing amount of questions.

Nice! Thanks for checking this out.

Nice work! I even didn't know we had an automatic bed levelling tag, no wonder it's just 2 tagged questions... You always see the bed-levelling tag being used. Makes me wonder, maybe we should revisit many questions and change the tag when automatic levelling is meant in the question.

@0scar - yeah, I was thinking that too... but there's 228 questions to go through! :-)

@0scar - One question is, should a question about auto-bed levelling be tagged with *both* bed-leveling *and* auto-bed-leveling tags? The more you think about it, the more ramifications or issues you end up thinking about. The most obvious one is: You'll end up having to look up both tags.

@Greenonline 228 is doable ;-) and not both tags, it may be better to introduce a `automatic` tag instead

@0scar - if we are thinking about having a question tagged with both an `automatic` (prefix tag) and `bed-leveling` tags, then we had just as well stick with tagging with both `automatic-bed-leveling` and `bed-leveling` tags - because the end result would be the same: two tags. I don't think that having two tags is necessarily a bad idea... `automatic-bed-leveling` would just end up being a subset of `bed-leveling`.

@Greenonline Tags are limited per question, so it is best to not have to multiple tag questions. It is better for the regulars to retag bed-levelling to automatic-bed-levelling when appropriate.

Good arguments. Simple excerpts are meaningless. Some info when to use this tag instead of others can also be useful. In your example, point 4. from question's link suits perfect and should be taken into consideration.

Yes, quite. Your [excerpt for stringing](https://3dprinting.stackexchange.com/review/suggested-edits/16761) inspired me to post this answer. It seems a little bit obvious. However, off hand, I'm not quite sure what additional text would improve the excerpt..? Or even, if it needs improving. At least, your edit is better than it was, which was blank (I think, not sure). Anyway, thanks for looking into the tags, it is a job that needed doing :-)

Good point about how to start the excerpt. It would be nice if they were all consistent. "For questions about..." is a good one. I'm sure that there is a meta question about this somewhere. I had a quick look earlier, but couldn't find the question that I was thinking about.

Let know if you find it.

According to this, [tag:underextrusion] and [tag:overextrusion] should also be changed accordingly.

Yes, well spotted! :-) As Tom states in [his answer](https://3dprinting.meta.stackexchange.com/a/155/4762) hyphens replace spaces. Can you make the change, or is this something that only high-rep users can do? I'm not sure (not without checking). If you can't then tell me and I'll do it. You should also probably post an answer (here) stating that change is going to be made - so that there is a record of it (in an answer and not in an ephemeral comment)

I think that I can't do this yet.

@greenoline It's the leaderboard ads that aren't visible to people with 200+ rep who have that enabled. Side bar ads would still be visible as they are on SO stackoverflow.com/help/privileges/reduced-ads. These will display the same way as they have on SO.

most of the content has been worked on by now so that neither the AI detection triggers nor does it read like garbled nonsense that misses the point of the question anymore. Think about a print volume to quality spreadsheet for an SLS printer while discussing an FDM printer and talking about temperature in the extruder on a bowden style machine (which is the *motion* system of the filament. that is only close to the meltzone in a direct drive machine) - Things that triggered mental images of fleeting knowledge about *some* aspects but missing blatantly obvious other parts.

This is very similar to the "Where do I find this scripture?" over on Bible Hermeneutics/Christianity which **are** considered off-topic. While doing a search should yield what the user is looking for sometimes the individual has tried looking but without success. If the question was to show some kind of "research" then I would say it could be a viable question, otherwise, it's just a "do my homework" question.

Why is this constantly featured

